I miss

I miss when I lived overseas and had a connection to every foreigner. 
I miss my time in college and the fraternity when I had brothers. 
I miss when I served and had comrades. 

I miss hanging out and around men who thought and acted like I did. I am in my thirties and I have never felt so alone and seperated as I do right now. 

My entire life is just work. Even in my off time it is just work light, or work on projects outside of my work that need my attention. 

I miss the sporadic and unplanned adventure. I miss the spontanious event that lead to a night of awesomeness. 

Fuck I miss the smell of my apartment when it was just me and my dog, and I wasnt expected to spend evey moement of my life making sure another individual was comfortable. 

I miss when it was just me and there was people who I choose to surround myself with because I liked them instead of surrounding myself with people that are conneted to me on a professional level. 

I miss karaoke with my friends, and shitty beer. I miss hanging out with random people and only having a conversation of the awesomness of cereal. 

I don;t understand the life I have to live now. I don't get why I have to grow up and be respectable. I don't understand why I need to be the rock that people base actions of off. I am sick and tired of caring about any god damn persons opinion outside of my own, or what teh complications will be if I act a certain way. 

I miss being me. The me that made me free. The me that took me around the world and lead me to experience people that were so far out of my frame of reference that it expanded my horizons and eradicated my prejudices. 

I miss challenges. Fuck it has been years since I have been challenged in a real struggle outside of my diet. 

I miss not caring a damn bit of diets. Why the fuck do other people get to dictate my body. I don't getit, but I fall to it. I like how I look. Nobody ever says anything about my looks but every day I fell as if I am failing in my body. 

I miss the confidence of ignorance. 

I miss those who I loved so passsionaty about that we burned through. 

I miss feeling, anything. 

I get called a robot now. And the title is real. I feel nothing for my day to day. I feel nothing for my job, my life, my wife, my dogs, my clothes, myself. 

I would feel something if they were gone, but they are never gone. 

Every day is a repetition of the previous day, with a feeling of blankness that leaves each one more empty than the previous. 

I wanted to be a pirate, a buccaneer, an offrroad sharer of adventures. The only off road stories I have nobody seems to understand. 

With every adventure I take the following adventure loses it shine and leaves me with a comparison to my former self that is lacking. 

Every new location is compared to best of the thousand locations experienced before leaving each a shell of the intiial. 

I miss that first adventure. The one that opened my eyes and taught me that everything I know is wrong and that I was capable of learning the rest. The adventure that all others are compared to and fall short of. 

I miss that first love. April was her name. her lips tasted of sweet honey. Her skin was as soft as touching a rabbits fur. Every touch sent me ablaze, every whisper of my name brought a fire to my heart that made me willing to burn the world, to have second taste. 

I miss the world where I would have written this in my journal instead of sharing with strangers. 

But as with everything else, it is all gone. 

Now I sit. old but not that old. Young but fuck not even that young. Friends are forgotten or lost. Adventure has turned to responsibility. Spontaneity has turned to torturous planning. 

I hold on, but every day a bit more slips from me and I am left with only work. 

I miss many things, and this is a pointless rant. 



