A little something to say to the sales-people that dick around most days...

First I want you to remember that yes you did rise to the top of whatever field of specialization you fell into.

Good for fucking you.

Do you realize how many people underneath you, working their asses off with no hope in sight, bust their asses for some kind of recognition?  And get nowhere.  Some it's for a lack of trying.  Some like staying where they are.  Others like me make every effort bust ass and work from nowhere up to somewhere.

All of those people have some similar level of drive you do.  You know how you feel when you've completed a project that netted your company millions of dollars?  You didn't do that on your own.  Not by a damned long shot.  You're a face-man.  You did nothing more than put a pretty face/body to all the work the hundreds of blue-collars put into that product. You, you worthless fuck, simply provided the pretty face that intrigued the client sexually.

Fuck you. You can't operate a mill or lathe.  You don't even count in thousands of an inch.  

Without your sale's ass (and I know you were hired for how you look, you svelt men and women), these guns would still be made and sold.  Because there's always a market.  

Without the men and women behind the machines, what would you have to sell?  Bar-stock, untempered springs, rubber bands and staplers?  Fuck you and your whore mothers.

Without the efforts of myself and my fellow blue-collars, you'd be useless.  Selling coffee or make-up at exorbitant mark-ups to filthy hipsters and valley girls.

Get some real skills you wastes of space.  I build my own pistols and sell them on the side.  I have anxiety problems.  But you know what sells those pistols?  The fact that they work and I can prove they work all the time, every-time.  

That's what a salesmen is about.  Being honest about your product because you know you have that army of workers behind you making that product perfect.  So when you show that customer what we make, you don't have to lie.

Where does that confidence come from?  It comes from trust in your workers, the process, and the materials.  All those come from actually being a part of the work floor.  If you don't come and join us, you're a filthy waste of space.