[X-post from /r/self] Some people's political attitude problems on reddit

I'm really fucking tired of the do-nothing, defeatist, feet-dragging, pessimists who seem to comment in flocks on any political thread. These people complain that there is nothing that can be done to change the world around them, and then defend their outlook with more down-trodden misery. I responded to one commenter yesterday who claimed that participating in the political system was futile, and that also any kind of rebellion was futile. When I called him out on his anchor-dragging attitude, he simply reiterated his points with more woe-is-me attitude about how everything is impossible and that we're screwed, and so on. 

Fuck.

That. 

Changing anything in a country this size takes an organized, consistent effort. People seem to think that change can be achieved in the same way they can lose weight by taking a magic pill or drinking a kale smoothie once a week. That is not true. It takes active, concerted, long-term effort in both cases to achieve anything worth while. The state of being in this country is well-entrenched - we all know this - so why do we expect that a single protest is going to change anything? We shouldn't. We should expect that hundreds of protests will *begin* to change things, and that millions of people in the streets for months will get things done. But you know what? It takes everyone being out there, and it takes everyone being involved. It takes people sacrificing time from their jobs and their families to enact change, and it takes effort for years to accomplish anything significant. 

No shit there are so many people who think change is impossible. But this is the same weak-minded, lack-of-discipline-thinking that makes people believe it is impossible for them to lose weight, or that it's impossible for them to achieve any of their goals. If you are someone who believes nothing can be changed about this country, you are a weak-willed person. 

The very worst part of this shitty, parasitic attitude is contagious nature. Weak-willed, feet-draggers effectively pursuade others to do the same. It's always easier to go eat pizza and drink beer with your fat-ass buddies than it is to get to the gym. What the US needs is for energy to build into action, and these attitudes suck energy away from this (ironically as these same people bitch and moan about how something needs to be done). 

If you are someone who thinks nothing can be done, fucking reevaluate your position. Not only are you wrong, but you are also a parasite upon the currents of change. You are an anchor around the necks of people who are trying to keep this country afloat. 

Please stop, and lend a hand. 