Blind to Race = Blind to Reality.

I didn't proof this much, but here it goes. 


There’s currently a post on the front page of Ravin Symone talking about how she basically only wants to be identified by her nation. She says, I’m not African American, I’m just American.  I’m from Louisiana.  The response, which isn’t a surprise given that it comes from a demographically white user base, is mostly in support of her decision to be color blind.  Many white people see this as an advantageous viewpoint, since logically if everyone were blind to race, than the divisions caused by race would sublimate into nothing.  However, this is a really ignorant position to take, and is one that can only be taken by someone who has the privilege to not know race. 

Growing up in the United States as a white male is a pretty good deal.  To be color blind ignores the advantage one has by being part of the In-Group.  In-group is the term preferred by sociologists over the term Majority because often times the In-Group doesn’t represent a numerical majority over the other groups, but has more prestige and power.  If you want tangible examples of this power, look to the [racial breakdown of Congress](http://www.senate.gov/CRSReports/crs-publish.cfm?pid=%260BL%2BR\C%3F%0A) where only 8% of members are African American or Black.  So imagine what it’s like growing up as a white kid in the US.  When you turn on the TV you see people who look like you in positions of power, characters on TV shows who are heroes [look like you](http://www.ew.com/ew/article/0,,20206185,00.html), and  film and movies stars who look like [you]( http://www.bunchecenter.ucla.edu/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/2014-Hollywood-Diversity-Report-2-12-14.pdf).  Further, there are no stereotypes about your race.  You know that Asians are good at tests and smart, that women can’t drive, that black people are athletes or criminals, but *we* – fellow white people - *we’re* just normal people.  

These are things that our culture has engrained within itself, and simply ignoring race is not the way to defeat these divisions or improve equality.  
The way I like to see race is that on a biological level, it’s the same as hair color.  Basically the makeup of your skin color and size is a result of regional influence.  The closer one gets to the equator, the hotter it gets, so humans there have evolved to be longer and darker so that their skin can take the sun and their body doesn’t retain the heat.  Likewise, as you get further from the equator, you find humans that are shorter, whiter, and a bit more weight around them to deal with the cold climate.  IN short, race tells nothing more about a person than at best their geographic heritage, but nothing of or relating to mental ability or intelligence or tendency toward violence or ability to drive; however, this is information that is relatively new in the history of humanity.  Beliefs in mental or physical superiority between the races has been the prevalent thought for a longer time and basically all of our ancestors fudged it up for us by thinking in these terms.  Because of this, races were divided into In-Group and Out-Groups, where an In-Group is generally thought of as a default, and an out-group is thought of as a defect.  Now as people do when put in groups, they form cultures.  It should go without saying that there are inherent cultural differences between In-Groups and Out-Groups.  
Now knowing what we do now, I can see why it might seem advantageous to simply ignore race.  However, to do so exhibits both a genuine lack of empathy and ignorance to the reality of culture.  It’s a lack of empathy to tell someone who has had to battle racial discrimination her whole life that you don’t see their skin color.  It’s almost as if you’re denying the existence of the tribulations that face a person of color (especially in the US).  It’s like you’re looking that person in the eye and saying “no, you were never denied a job because you’re black” or “You’re kidding.  No police officer ever just approached and questioned you for no reason.” 
Further, to be racially color blind makes you blind to the reality of culture.  There’s a reason why Slim Shady is known as a white rapper, because culturally hip hop is a form of music, the roots of which were founded in black neighborhoods.  There’s a reason why Tyler Perry’s films are especially popular among blacks, and there’s a reason why Fox News’ viewership is[overwhelmingly white]( http://thinkprogress.org/politics/2010/07/27/109823/fox-viewers-african-american/).  These are cultures.  
The main reason why I think it’s important for us *not* to turn a blind eye to race is because if we do, than we ignore the awe-inspiring beauty of these distinct cultures.  Being in the United States provides an outstanding opportunity to be in a truly racially heterogeneous environment.  Why do other countries not experience racial divide like the US?  It’s not because we’re putting too much emphasis on race, it’s because of a substantial lack of diversity in other countries compared to the US.  Like I said, this is an opportunity to celebrate a plethora of different cultures that have the potential to live in harmany, as long as the In-Group develops the self-awareness to recognize that there is such a thing as an In-Group, and that being a member carries a responsibility to make things better for people who aren’t in that group. 
