My paycheck is 20 fucking days late

I was supposed to be paid on the first of this month and my employer has been dicking me around for the last 20 days. I teach labs at a Texas University. I won't say which one, but I'm beginning to think they'll do anything to fuck me over. I didn't get the initial paycheck because there was some paperwork that needed to be filled out but never reached me due to some sort of administrative mis-communication.

Basically they couldn't pay me without that paper work but failed to tell me that until the date i was supposed to be paid. Fuck me right? So now that I know I promptly file the paperwork and request a paycheck for the next official pay roll cycle, 8 days later. The 8 days go by and on the 8th they tell me I missed the deadline to be paid then and that I must wait for the 15th. Well that's some bullshit but I can't do much other than wait. Well the 15th rolls around and no paycheck shows up. This time I'm informed that there was an error in the magical payroll computer that pays everyone on time and it just skipped me. 

What a surprise.

So I remain patient and ask what I should do. The lady in my department's financial office goes all mama bear on my behalf and tears her way up an administrative phone call ladder until some higher up allows me to be paid on the following Monday even though I'm not necessarily qualified to be paid then.

Guess what today is? It's Monday. Guess how many checks I have in my pocket at the moment? None.

This time I didn't even get an explanation. I was just informed that I could "try again tomorrow."

What the fuck? I'm running on empty here. I've been working with this university since late August and this was supposed to be my first paycheck. I haven't been paid at all by any company since the first of JULY. 

How the fuck am I supposed to afford to live? I even moved to another town for this shit. I had to pay deposits and installation fees and shit. That isn't cheap. I'm not even 22 yet and I'm expected to have the money to sit here with my thumb up my ass and wait for someone to fucking sign off on my paycheck at their leisure just because a series of mistakes. NONE OF WHICH WERE EVEN MY MISTAKES. 

Rant over. I've been very patient with everyone involved but it's hard not to be a bit irate.

Thanks for listening. 