Not so much an angry rant, but it is a rant.

This rant started as a post to somebody talking about why christians say animals don't have souls. I don't necessarily believe the guy was defending the belief, more just giving the explanation behind why those others have it. It's those people that are wrong. 

The animals aren't going to read the bible, and the people who wrote it know nothing compared to what we do today. Our understanding of this world has grown immensely, but then again, maybe we should compare our time in existence to the rest of existence. We've only just begun. It doesn't matter if we're the first, last, or of the infinitely many, if we're truly intelligent creatures we'll continue to bring existence to a better and better place until we reach our goal, heaven. Heaven in the real world would be that much better than one of a dream, don't you think? But something like that requires hard work and labour, because it makes it that much better. 

Now don't get me wrong, I think the good book has been instrumental in helping us in understanding god to this point, but why only have one good book? Why make it only a book at this point? We need society to get together and create something new that combines all our current knowledge for future generations to rely on like we have the bible and other equivalent life guiding philosophies. We should all strive to be self enlightened in our own way. 

Today most of us agree not to discriminate or say all of one people are alike.  Our understanding of math and science, medicine, our ability to record history, everything is like it's never been before. The problem is we spend more time worrying about who we need to kill in order to protect ourselves instead of just living life happy and discovering new things for our future to learn about. 

But that's another thing, our future, the children, have the ability to learn today better than they did even 30 years ago. They have been also, not just about average facts and things, but about living life as a good person. Anybody who watches a disney movie, and who as a kid in america hasn't seen one, can tell you which people are the bad ones and which are the good ones. But I can also tell you now all of those people exist in some form in the real world. Maybe not the character themselves, but certain things about their personalities. Lifes a lot more brutal than that though sometimes, especially when you run into the more and more brutal people. It matters more that we mind our own selves individually than it does worrying about what the other people are doing. Some people make it their job, because that's who they are, to seek and find these terrible people and bring them to justice. If it's true justice they can help fix whatever's wrong with that person and making them terrible. Often enough some of the people who land themselves in jail, whereas did do what they did to get themselves in there, wouldn't have done it, or wouldn't do it again if we paid better attention to the needs of the people a little better. Take a bank robber, for example, lets say he even shot somebody. Could just be a man that got laid off work, has a wife and kids, and doesn't want to lose them. I wouldn't disagree that he was stupid for the actions he's taken, but it's also not his fault that the world can be so unintentionally cruel at times. That's why we have to better ourselves as a society so we can help that poor bastard until he can land on his feet again, that way whoever got shot doesn't have to get shot, and whoevers family he's with also doesn't have to morn. 

 If more people were to just focus on the things that are more important this world would become a better place. We do have a military, and I'm glad it's powerful enough to defend us, we should try to keep it that way. But people like Isis, they're not the supervillains you see in fiction worlds. Some of them are going to be people that hate america for the exact same reasons people in america hate them. The ones that are brutal do terrible things to our people. I want to take out the brutal ones on both sides. If somebody does manage to land a deep wound on us, I like to think we're not so fragile we'd fall apart. This is America dammit, and we all feel the same way about it already. We'll do anything to protect it. I want this country to be so great, when somebody does land such a powerful blow against us, the whole world rises up to help us defeat our enemies until they are defeated. Like a sleeping giant that only awakens when there's trouble afoot.  

People are too stupid in general to realize they're causing their own problems. Some of them are willfully ignorant, some of them are just plane ignorant. Individually everybody has something that they're smart about. The only way this worlds going to get better is if each of you, individually, makes yourselves better. They call a corporation a person by law, if that's true than America is a person by law, and each of us represent just the tiniest piece of its consciousness. If we're scattered about each living for ourselves than Americas (the world's) consciousness will be scattered about also. We each live for Americas purpose, making this world a better, freer place to live, its consciousness will appear less and less scattered. 

