I'm at my wit's end.

I'm going to abuse the word "fucking" because I'm mad. I'm normally pretty religious and chill, and don't curse, but I've had it. I'm going to use the language that actually displays how I fucking feel. 

So I go to college and try to have me a good time, maybe meet a girl, have fun, who knows, right? Fucking WRONG. 

I'm out of state here and every relationship I have is toxic. I have a friend that won't shut the fuck up about all these guys she has lined up, just WAITING to get game from her, all desperate to get her. And I'm one of them. I DON'T EVEN WANT TO FUCKING DATE HER. I just want to be a friend and she uses me like some sort of thing if she doesn't have anyone to eat with in the caf or is alone. More people, and I'm kicked to the fucking curb. I don't matter to her. 

My guy friends are the same way. All is well and good and they all act hunky dory with me until their better friends show up and I'm just irrelevant then. They just cut off anything I have to say and lock together. I don't have a single fucking person here because no one has any sort of human decency. I open up myself and try to be as real as possible but it doesn't matter. I'm just this useless piece of shit they can have around them when they need it. No one wants a relationship. Platonic or otherwise.

The cherry on top of the preverbal fucking cake is that for three months, I'm really hitting it off with this girl. People don't want to be around me? Who the fuck cares, I have this girl. She's nice, she's friendly, the always makes me feel like I matter. I obviously am fucking hitting on her. Remember that. 

So finally we're texting and she tells me "oh, I just can't stop thinking about you :D" and I'm on top of the fucking WORLD. This is the first time since middle school a girl has actually reciprocated feelings for me, and maybe, JUST FUCKING MAYBE, I can be in a relationship that matters. So I tell her, I'm thinking about her too, and she goes off and tells me that she meant to send that to her boyfriend. 

That's not even the part that grinds my fucking gears, you know? She tells me she knew, she FUCKING KNEW I was hitting on her for a month, and was trying to be "distant." 

WELL YOU SURE DID A GOOD FUCKING JOB, DIDN'T YOU????

I'm a man. I can take a "no" from a girl. I'm not normally some sort of quivering pussy about relationships. But at least give me the common courtesy to tell me, you know? Just tell me you're dating someone. You don't even have to put any effort into it. Just name drop him in a conversation, or something. Something like "hey, so me and my **boyfriend** just saw this movie, it was really good." 

What sucks is that she's a good friend too, you know? She just happened to a good friend I was into romantically, and now it's all sorts of fucked up because I'm emotionally stressed out and still mad at her, and I really don't want to be. She's a cool person. I want to forgive her, I really do. And I'm trying. 

UGH. So I'm trying to get over that, and all my friends here don't give a rat's ass about me so they're like "that sucks man" and don't bother to even try and keep up a conversation about it. No one. Guy or girl. This kid? Naw, I don't give a shit, talk about useless fucking small talk or something. Not your personal problems, I don't care. It's not like a foundation for an ACTUAL FUCKING RELATIONSHIP, now is it? 

No one cares about me here, and I'm trying. I really fucking am. I'm being cool, I'm listening to all THEIR personal problems, I'm trying to be understanding, etc. And when I call my actual friends back home, I feel like I'm talking their ear off because they'll actually listen to me, and they're the only ones that actually will. 

I feel like I'm turning into a fucking neckbeard over here, regardless of the fact that I can't actually grow one. I'm becoming jaded; towards people, towards relationships, and towards women. I don't WANT to be a Red Pill guy. I don't WANT ANY OF THIS BULLSHIT. 

I just want people to fucking understand me here. I am a guy, yeah, but I have real fucking emotions. I can't regulate myself to just causally being like "yeah, I've had a bad week." I don't fucking work like that. I don't even need a girlfriend to do that with. I DON'T EVEN FUCKING WANT ONE RIGHT NOW.

I just one one guy or girl to just platonically want to be a fucking friend with. I want someone to tell me their personal problems, and I want to tell them mine. I'm just being cut off and thrown to the side and it's making me way more jaded than I need to be. FUCK. PEOPLE. 




