[18F] experienced a almost life threatening job trial!

Hello, I really need to rant about this because I don't want to let my family/friends/boyfriend how much this has affected me. 
So I am an 18 year old girl who is looking for a job so I can move out, use my savings to buy my first car without being broke after because I spent them all and I have no job to save up again( plus a car is expensive to run) etc so in the last few months I have been doing a lot of job applications in hope that I can find something that gives me a bit of money. Let's keep in mind that it's a harder to find a job for me because I only graduated last year, beside retail, I have no other working experience and I am a University student which means I don't have 24/7 availability. Anyway, I had a job interview last Thursday, I went there and  it went all well I really liked them and all. The job was advertised as a office/sale assistant for a new marketing company, at the job interview I asked more about what my role would be and they explained I would be in the office and help the admin on certain days and on the other days I would be with the sale person (always in the office and they specified that). Since,it went all great and they offered to have a job trial the next day I immediately said yes and went home with the biggest smile! They sent an email about the dressing code and they recommended black stockings, black long skirt/ long dress or black long pants with a black shirt. Now, I live in Australia and I live in one of the warmest states as well! the dress code,they emailed, is  only fine if you're in a air conditioned office/place, other than that you are at high risk of heat stroke. The next day I get there all excited and ready to give my best, but as soon as I got there I was told to get in the car with one of the girls working there, we then drove about 20 minutes and arrived at industrial area and I had to walk 7ks under the sun, it was 35 Celsius degrees at only 9am and it didn't get better as time went by. I was wearing stockings, long dress and flats as the dress code described. The job was to go shop to shop and ask the people working there to buy raffle tickets (completely different to what they told me the previous day and in the email about the job). After about three hours of walking under the sun, I felt extremely sick, I had a terrible headache, I was very hot, I was dizzy and had to gasp for air. So I asked the girl I was with if we could stop for a little bit because I was over heating. She pretty much yelled at me for being weak and that's when I told her I was no longer doing the job trial and I hoped she enjoyed the rest of her day. She left me alone in the middle of this unknown industrial area (i live on the north side of the city, we were on the west side) I had to walk all the way back while I was near fainting, but thankgod to navigation apps I was able to find the main road and a bus stop. Over all it took me three hours to get back home, I got home and for the next two days I constantly went from sleeping to awake to back to sleep. My temperature was high and because of the long walk plus uncomfortable conditions my knee became swollen. Now I feel extremely down because I need a job and I am so angry for being tricked into accepting a job trial for such terrible people and I am just over all angry/upset. I feel very hopeless. 


Sorry for the pointless rant, but I needed to let it all out, thanks to anyone who bothers to read it :)