Fuck feminism

Fuck it, I hate this damn movement. A group of over privileged first world country women trying to tell the entire rest of the population how hard their lives are. Cowering on social media and constantly trying to talk about how awful the world treats them.

WE ALL HAVE STRUGGLES TO DEAL WITH.

"But Men make more than women!"

Sorry, but you stats mean nothing to because they're cherry-picked to all hell, consider that men don't maternity leave and women take vacation/sick days more than men. Also have you ever realized they take the average of all men and women across the country, different locations pay different amounts. Sure some places pay one gender more than the other, but it goes both ways. I had a women co-worker (same position) get a higher starting pay than me. Sorry but its not on-sided.

"Oh but women are sexually assaulted more than men."

Alright, sure I'll bite, that's true. BUT, why should we only focus on women? What makes this a movement of equality? Literally all that says is, We want to be equal, by having our problems solved only/first. Men get sexuality assaulted less than women but we, as a country, should focus on lowering sexual assault across the board, not just with women. Also I'm sorry but these stats imo are a bit fudged considering consent lines being blurry. Again to use my life as an example, a previous friend of mine accused her ex of raping after they broke up. The best part, it never happened, they never had sex, she never took it to court either but just spread rumors about this poor guy and he's still suffering from them years later.

"The media depicts women as sex objects!"

Have you ever watched tv? Sorry but men get just a sexualized as women. Your tunnel vision convinces me of nothing. Also if women choose to be a model or "sexy" doesn't it go against your message of "empowerment" to tell them they are an object and to demoralize them? Does it not phase you that while you cry about the unfair standards set on women, the same is for men. Women, you have to look perfect (according to you), well for men, we have to be in shape, 6-pack abs and strong. So please lets not ignore one standard and cry about the other.

"Domestic abuse happens to women more than men"

Alright, yes again, but looking the most commonly sited domestic violence stats we see that 40% of domestic violence is against men. So sure it happens more but again, why should we only focus on women? These are pretty close percentages, why focus on one or another?

I am so SICK of these stupid people going around talking about how awful men are and complaining when guys try to defend themselves. YOUR MOVEMENT AGAINST DOUBLE STANDARDS IS FULL OF DOUBLE STANDARDS. Sorry but if you want to use buzz words like misogynist or patriarch, I suggest you go to a third world country and see some real misogyny. STOP BITCHING ABOUT MOVIES AND VIDEO GAMES. You just look for things in any medium that promote your narrative, you literally cherry-pick everything, Just look at Anita Sarkeesian. Literally someone, not even remotely educated in the subject trying to tell others how to interpret it while censoring anyone who disagrees.

I'm sorry but until you clean up your goddamn act I consider modern feminism to be the biggest load of crap.

Inb4 any likely negative response, If you say this is why we need feminism, no. If you think this post is why we need feminism the proper word is facism, so you can censor anyone who disagrees.

edit: sorry for any spelling/grammar mistakes i made in this. I may or may not fix them.