My rant about "haters".

Everytime I decide to change something for MY own benefit, without interrupting anyone's freedom or happiness, everytime I improve at any given area and part of life, everytime I try to make my own situation a little bit better, to live a little bit happier, to be able to say, in a few years, that I had a life worth living, someone comes and 'enlightens' me with their 'scientifically proven' pseudo science BULLSHIT! Someone comes and tries to drain from me what is mine by right, which is my FUCKING HAPPINESS. Someone has to come a step over my so called dreams. It's not possible, they say with a grin on their face. Yo are still weak despite all the countless hours of work and suffering you put towards reaching your goals, they say, while burping the gas the lasagna has caused in their stomach. You gained 10lbs but it's all fat, they say, some still with a fat scent coming out of their freshly eaten McDonalds's Big Tasty, others with yet to be seen muscle, with a ribcage so visible that it cannot be unseen even from under the thickest layer of clothes. They who do not train, nor work as hard as I do to fulfill my dreams do not have the right to even glance at my feet, let alone speak to me, let alone bash my dreams. My rant is as true as transparent the water is. I condemn and wish a painful, slow and lonely elderly to anyone who matches the description I stated above. They who stay up late to party or to mindlessly navigate on their Facebook wall while one gets his meals ready for another day of dedication and never-ending belief that one day this is all going to be worth it, they who party and drink uncountable liters of alcoholic beverages while one is in the gym, the office, anywhere working to fulfill what he believes in.  They, who should all just fuck themselves and mind their own unsuccessful, pity, shameful, filled with disgrace, envy of others joy and overall plain shitty lives, if you are even able to call it that. This is my rant about how one should mind his own shit, not living others, and, if so, fucking put and end to reality with an endless cliff, a loaded .22, or a lethal injection. I glance at the clock, to realize it is nearly 8 in the afternoon. I write this rant to demonstrate what I take with me everyday to the gym as a pre-workout. All my anger, sadness, my wrath and untold rants I will unleash upon the the barbell. The iron loves it, it feeds from it and gives me gains in return...   I return the favor by showing up everyday and not listening to the people described above.