FUCK MY JOB

So I work in a minor management position in a fast food store. I'm in charge of breakfast sales, and am generally second-in-command, if the manager on shift is unavailable or cannot come in for whatever reason. And I quite like the job itself, I'm sure if the franchise my store is a part of wasn't run by people who are cunts, I'd be ok with it, but it is, so I'm not.

The first thing I do when I come in and open the store in the morning is to go through literally every food item in the entire store, and change the labels to make it seem like it's in date. This is a really shitty thing to do, but if I don't do it, or if I miss one or two, I not only get screamed at by my area manager, but if this happens when we have a surprise compliance evaluation (every month someone from HQ comes into our store to check we're doing everything by the book, and if we fail 3 times, we get shut down), I get an angry email from the franchisee, threatening to fire me. But most of the time, it's not TOO bad, because we're a busy store, and the majority of the time, things only stay out of date for a day, if that, and the food is processed with enough chemicals for that not to be too much of a major issue.

What sparked this rant off, however, was an incident this morning, when I got into work, I noticed there was a bad smell hanging around. To begin with I was paranoid and convinced it was me (I'm not very coherent at 6am), and just got on with my job. It wasn't until I woke up a bit that I realised that there was food LITERALLY ROTTING ON DISPLAY. I promptly threw it out and put out fresher meat, but this WILL happen again, I'm certain of it; it's happened before, though not to such an extent, and the nature of the way things are run doesn't exactly help the problem.

So that's the worst thing, and certainly the most immoral, but the rest sucks too. The fact that the franchisee would prefer to have a workforce comprised entirely of about 10 students working part time, who could not give less of a fuck about their jobs (so half-arse it and leave me to fix everything), rather than two or three full-time workers who might actually care, because they need their job, rather than just seeing it as an opportunity to get a bit f cash to spend on clubbing, pisses me off. They can just ring up at a moments notice to cancel a shift, and either me or a manager has to do it. And, for some reason, rather than just saying "no fuck you, you have to give us notice, I'm not doing your shift for you", the managers just accept it, because they're friendly with the staff! I have to work this Saturday because the guy who usually opens on weekends just decided he didn't want to do it, he wanted to go to London instead. No, fuck that guy. He doesn't get to cancel his fucking shift and palm it off on me because he wants to. Do you know how much SHIT I had to fucking go through when I needed to take 4 working days off for SURGERY? I had to tell my manager AND the area manager 3 weeks in advance, and even then they kept trying to get me to come in a day before I said I would. Up until now, I've always had an excuse to avoid doing it, because fuck that, but my manager has now basically told me I don't have a choice. WHAT THE FUCK. Jesus Christ this is unfair as shit.

And the best thing? The best fucking thing? I don't even fucking get overtime for this shit. I just get my normal wage for working a 6 day fucking week because some piece of shit just gets to decide he wants a day off. On top of that, I was berated by my manager this morning for taking 25 minutes break yesterday, because apparently, it's "taking the piss" if I take more than 15. Well fuck that; not only do I have to work my fucking arse off making and preparing all the food for the day while serving customers COMPLETELY ALONE, but I had to go buy a new phone in my break yesterday, which required me running all the way into town and coming back, without getting any lunch or anything, because I NEED MY PHONE FOR WORK, but nope, 25 minutes is too far apparently.

It's just this kind of shit that pisses me off. I would probably enjoy working here really, I mean it's pretty hard when I'm alone in the mornings because hiring someone to help me out might actually cost a tiny bit of money (and considering that the franchise consists of 7 very profitable stores, open 20 hours every day, it really IS a tiny bit in comparison), and some customers are a bit shitty, but overall, I quite like my job, and it pays quite well, considering I've just graduated, and some of the jobs my friends have been forced to take to make ends meet. I just really fucking hate the people who run this franchise, and the things they ask me to do for the sake of my job (and the threats I receive if I don't do them).

I'm going to stay here for another 7 months, so that I can have a year of this job on my CV, and then either I'm going back to university to do a better degree, or just moving on to a better job. I know people in different stores in this franchise doing the same job as me, having been there for 6 years. I refuse to become that.