You know what? Fuck today. It's 9:00 am and I am done.

I woke up this morning at 6:45, unrested. Again. I haven't slept well all week. Its cold and windy here and I had my window cracked. I tried to close it and the damn thing pops out of the track and hits me on my head. I can't get it closed enough to stop the wind coming through and now I have a bruise and a headache. 

My husband is hounding me to finish moving out of the old apartment today. Yeah, no problem dear. I will just do that while I am watching three kids under 4, and the two weeks of homework I have piled up because I was in a fucking car accident last week AND have been moving all week. 

Literally every waking moment I have I am stressing out about something and frantically trying to get it all done. Not to mention normal stuff like feeding everyone and laundering their clothes and basic cleaning. I am falling behind in school and I am terrified I am going to start failing. My fucking foot hurts because I reinjured my stress fracture in my foot from moving. I have been moving us out of the old apartment and into the new one by myself since my husband was only able to get two days off to help move. So, the rest is on me...while I am working and attempting to pass my full time online college classes. Fuck this.

I have until Tuesday to be completely moved and clean out the old apartment. I also get to work (babysitting a 2 year old) all weekend starting at 6:00 am for $5/hr. Why the fuck did I agree to this? Well, because we are poor as shit and we are desperate for the money. I will also have my 1.5 year old, 3 year old and 5 year old with no friends or family to help out. 

It is like at every turn something else fucked up happens and I am done. I am just sitting here, overwhelmed and then I get smacked in the head by my god damn window. I just want to cry. I am crying. God damn it. Today blows and nothing looks like it is going to get any better. I don't even know what to do. I am falling behind on everything and as a result everything is getting done rushed and haphazardly. Christmas is coming, we have no money. Fuck this, fuck this. I don't know what else I can do. It is just one thing after another, and I am at my breaking point. 
