Sister Rant

I'm fucking sick of the pile of living shit that is my sister. She is a fucking disgrace and I hate that I am even related to me. She is a whole 3 years older than me therefore she thinks that she is more mature, educated, knowledgeable. Really she is a dumb immature slut that has no future. She got knocked up by some asshole when she was 16 and was fucking proud of it. She thinks that she is some mother of the year. Then she complains that the guy was a dick and her "new man #2323" will be any better than the last. Now she's 18 and got pregnant again. I really wouldn't give a shit, but she fucking lives with my dad and I so she is just gonna bring more financial instability! I have a fucking future. I care about school, life, success. She would rather get drunk and party. She is trying to continue to have fun, but she fucked it all up by being a dumb bitch. This isn't the only shit she has done to make my life hell. No. Far from it. My whole life she has been a bitch. She started out innocent enough. Then she went to Junior high. I don't know if it was peers, media, or her own fucking idiocy, but she quickly degraded into the repulsive slob she is today. (did I mention she is the dirtiest piece of shit ever? because she is.) As time went by. I moved up into Junior high and she went to High School and then she maxed out her full blown life sabotage. She got into trouble. Skipped and eventually managed up in jail. All the while I was the "good kid". I tried to make my parents happy for getting one right. But it didn't fucking matter because we had to bail out the family dog. GOD I"M SO FUCKING SICK OF THIS! She has done nothing but fucking tear everything enjoyable apart and its so fucking horrible! She thinks she is smart. Everytime we argue she thinks I'm the dumb one. That she is in the right. That she "won". I eventually leave, ready to punch something or cry from anger. And she'll go off being snarky. Yeah... I'm done for getting A's I'm dumb for not graduating high school. OH BUT SHE GOT SOME FUCKING GED. THAT MAKES HER SMART!!! FUCKING BITCH! My dad gave up on her. I did that years ago. But now that she has another fucking baby any chances of my dad kicking her out is gone. I'm stuck with the fucking cunt until I eventoully graduate and go to college. Its only 3 years, but I can't bear it. I pray to god she will move to some drug den and my dad and step mom get custody of her kids. I hope that she leaves my life so i can visit my dad without having to hold back rage. I don't know if this rant made me feel better or not, but I don't care. I'm pissed and this is a lot better than punching a pregnant person. I Feel so fucking bad for those kids. Having a complete moron for a sister is hell as it is. Imagine that for a fucking mom?? God. Fuck everything. I'm going to sleep.