We Hired a Know-It-All Computer Genius, By Mistake

I didn't proof read because I am short on time, but had to get this off my chest. 

The back-story:

I work for a large medical facility. We’re a hospital to anyone who looks at the outside of the building, but we have a few other services available that are slightly outside of a normal hospital. We have a cancer research facility known nationwide and a cardiovascular department the size of a metropolitan high school. As for me, I work in IT. I’m a Computer Systems Analyst and I work overnight all by myself supporting over 2500 computers and over 1000 printers. It’s not an easy task regardless of how much you know about computers. If you've never dealt with medical software before and how it interfaces other software, you’re in for a headache. That being said, there is a level of learning that is required for just about anyone who decides to join our ranks. Even if you've worked IT in a hospital before, because chances are no one else is set up exactly like we are.

The problem:

We hired someone about three months ago that is still in school and earning his master’s degree in the field. You’d think he’d know a thing or two about active directory, domains, and server farms – but he doesn’t. He doesn’t know his ass from a hole in the ground and we have to hold his hand through almost everything. That would normally be fine as he would eventually learn the way we do things here at the hospital, but he acts as if he knows better – or already knows what we are telling him. He thinks he is going to be the operations manager (my boss) in as little as 4 months with no degree. He swears by it because someone at his college told him that. Now, the college he attends is NOT known for its IT courses. It’s known for its business courses and nursing courses. In fact, most of the nurses that work here have gotten their degree form that exact college.  And we constantly win awards and state recognition for our achievements. So it must be some kind of a good nursing school. A technology school it is most certainly not. 

But this guy, he is the president of the “IS Club” at that school. Which to me, is like saying you’re the fastest running triple amputee. I got my Master of Business Administration in Information Systems from CSULB (California State University, Long Beach). I make as much as the operations manager but I work nights so I don’t have many responsibilities other than managing the entire goddamn facility for 12 hours. This guy has NO DEGREE. He is working on his masters but doesn't have anything at all right now. Not even a single certification. But somehow, he thinks he’s going to usher us into an age of wonderful delightfulness as he solves all of our repeating technical issues. And they aren't even *our* issues. It’s issues with the software and the developers of that particular software. 

He’s also a “PC Guy” and hates Macs. Granted, if you prefer PCs, I don’t care any more or less than if you prefer Macs. But when you swear by one, and hate the other – you’re kind of being a child. It’s a subjective topic and really depends on what you want to do with your computing time. At the hospital, we use PCs for obvious reasons (even though a few departments have iMacs in them). He literally said to me, “Macs are for people who don’t know how to use computers.” Really? So since I prefer to use a Mac, I suddenly don’t know how to use computers? – this is the kind of shit I want to choke him over. Everyone with any kind of working knowledge of computers knows that UNIX is more stable than NTFS. Plain and simple. But that doesn’t matter to captain genius pants over here. 
Sometimes I wish I could just fire him myself. \

Update: I just wanted to put in this update that he submitted his 30 day notice to resignation today! WHOO!! I'm so happy right now I could shit. 
