Why are people who are into holistic and alternative medicine such high maintenance assholes?

Seriously. I am going to paint all of them with a single brush right now. I know they are not all this way but there seems to be a greater number who are. I work in a veterinary clinic that has one dvm that does holistic and alternative medicines. Never in my life have I met people who are so demanding and rude. I can tell within 5 seconds of picking up the phone whether they are a holistic client or not. One lady in particular is the absolute worst. Argues about everything, refuses to listen when you tell her something she doesn't want to hear and is generally condescending. Today she came in to get a vaccination certificate and letter, simple enough. Not with this woman. She insists that there is a letter on her file stating that her dog doesn't need to get bordetella (kennel cough) vaccinations and she would like it printed off. I systematically go through her entire file and there is nothing that even mentions not needing this vaccination, let alone a letter stating it. "Listen Sakato_kitty, I got this letter when I first became a "dvm" client." Uh no you didn't. There would be a record of it if you had. Told her I would speak the dvm about it and get back to her. "Well I am just going to assume that it will get done, email it to me." I proceed tell her that in order to have her email on file she will need to sign a disclosure stating we are allowed to have her email on file and she consents to us emailing her periodically (new law in Canada that came into effect in July). She then gives me a 10 minutes speech about how she works in privacy law and it is unnecessary. I told her I don't make the policies, I am just a receptionist and veterinary student. She follows up "well I am not going out of my way to sign this document, all I really need right now is the documents for my dog." I fucking know! That is why I am trying to get your god damn email address so I can send it to you once the dvm is able to sign all the shit you want. This interaction lasted about 25-30 minutes with 5-10 other people in the waiting room. Some of them looked as if they were going to string her up. She finished our interaction by writing down a step by step of what she wanted, in large print. Seriously lady, GFY.


tl;dr - Holistic client at vet is the most self absorbed, rude, condescending assholes I have encountered in a while.