Look what they do to us? Look what you do to *ME*! Plus: why I hate the word "bodies".

The modern face of what now passes as feminism is an ugly one. I call myself a feminist because I believe in equality. As I see it, it's a movement for the advancement of rights for females and males - if those things don't go in tandem, it isn't going to work.

I know there's been a whole debate about whether "egalitarian" is a better term or what not and for the most part I stay out of it - frankly, I have other things I would rather invest my time in. But this society makes me reconsider.

We're the same age, we're both young and idealistic, but you're going in crazy directions right now with this society and you're really getting on my nerves. I get that you're getting out there a bit more but you sound like the crappy parts of Tumblr - I think your twee "fuck the patriarchy" comments are meant to sound jokey but you're incapable of actually taking any joke these days, you're so hostile. 

This "safety" thing is getting on my nerves. There's a lot of press about a sex attacker that has committed several horrific rapes around my area and now you're on full throttle. Always checking the doors, windows, what I'm doing, where I am during the day and saying "look what they do to us, those rapists, isn't it sad?"

The only thing sad here is you. You're taking this too much to heart and it equally frightens and frustrates me. I'm safe to leave my window in my room (TOP FLOOR) open to go downstairs and get a drink and come back. I hate your advice about carrying my keys inbetween my fingers when walking down the streets "just in case". 

The odds of being attacked are very low. You and the femsoc at this place are getting people worked up. Also didn't appreciate the (pre-emptive) slagging off of police for never dealing with rape appropriately-what do you know? They've increased their presence and the victims have come out to praise their response. Not that you actually knew any of the victims, despite dedicating several lengthy FB posts wishing them all the best, telling them to be strong, that their "sisters were showing strength and unity alongside them" etc. 

You're what's wrong in this whole picture. You scream so loud, you act so childish and reactionary, that you make a mockery of feminism and everything braver women then you will ever be fought for.

What the fuck is Twitter activism? When did supporting women's rights mean I had to be a "fat activist" too? I'm so confused about the modern face of this movement, all I want to do is lead a good life and be respected as a person and a female.

I want to think that when I graduate I will be able to leave all this pointless noise but that is increasingly all I see in the world outside university too. Arts students writing simplistic, childish articles about some banal aspect of the modern woman's life, usually including excessive use of the words oppression, bodies, misogyny, patriarchy, feminist, fat and some variation of the word "shaming" (fat-,skinny-, slut- etc.). Even hearing the words makes me feel annoyed.

Bonus point: why is it a favourite of these types of keyboard warriors to always talk about the lack of women in STEM subjects when they themselves are always talking about women being creative and taking/promoting art classes? Don't even get me started on articles like [this](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/may/08/white-men-environmental-movement-leadership).

Don't you bitches have better things to do?