Hartvillegroup Pet Insurance Screwed me over!

I relocated to Ohio and have been looking for a job. Hartvillegroup Pet Insurance brought be in for an interview for a position on October 15th.  I kicked ass in the interview and they called to offer to job to me about an hour later. I asked for some time to consider the offer.  The next morning I emailed the HR women who interviewed me to ask a couple of questions.   I started that Email "I am very interested in this position but I just have a couple of questions"  (I wanted some facts and figures in writing) I sent this email on a thursday.

No reply Thurday or Friday so I assumed she was just very busy.  On monday morning I called to talk to her on the phone as she hadnt gotten back to me.  No answer so I left a voicemail.  I really figured she would call back right away.  No call back that day.  I was concerned with how long it was taking her to get back to me but I figured she might have just hit a very busy period or maybe was out sick. 

By Friday I had had enough.  I called her in the morning and left another Voicemail.   2 hours later I called again.  No answer. I called the main line for the company as if I was a customer.  I asked the customer serice representative to transfer me to HR.  She got an attitute with me cause i guess i was taking time she could have been making commision.  She came back and told me the HR lady was in a meeting and she'd pass on the message.  

Finally a couple hours later I get an Email 

&gt;"Hello,  I just received your message. I so apologize, but when I did not hear back from you on Thursday the 16th, I offered the position to another applicant. When I didn’t hear back from you, I thought that you were not interested.

&gt;If we have another position become available, would you like to be considered?

&gt;Thank you!"


So basically she waited 1 single business day before she said "fuck it I'll give it to another person"  what she said was untrue as I DID email her the very next morning.  She works in HR.  Isnt it a liability to the company if she cant keep track of her email?

I emailed her back  

&gt;Hello,

&gt;Thanks for getting back to me.  I actually did Email you the very next morning stating my interest.  (Email attached below).  When you did not respond I assumed you were busy.  By Monday the 20th I was beginning to get worried and so I called you and left a voicemail.   I again didn't receive any kind of response.

&gt;I'm very surprised you didn't mention that you needed a response the very next day (although you did receive one).  I would have taken further action to contact you on the 16th if that were the case.

&gt;I would also have appreciated being informed that the offer was being rescinded.

&gt;Thank you for your time.

I hope that at least shames her or makes her feel like a POS.   I havnt gotten a reply yet.


How screwed up is that?


Edit-  This is a copy of the first part of the email I sent her on the morning of the 16th-

&gt;Date: Thu, 16 Oct 2014 12:10:58 -0400


&gt;From:  Cencored


&gt;To: Censored


&gt;Subject: Re: Offer letter from Hartville Pet Insurance Group

&gt;Good morning ,


&gt;I am interested in this position but was hoping to ask a couple of questions before I accept.




