Staples Sucks

Here's what I just got done posting to the corporate web site: Still fucking steaming. 

My amazon order for a 24" acer computer monitor was guaranteed to be delivered by 8pm today, this was critical as I needed the monitor for tomorrow's business. 8:30pm rolls around and there's no delivery at my door. In a slight panic I consider my options and realize there's a Staples store around the corner from my house. A quick search online reveils a samsung 24" monitor on sale for $150, with the store locator feature I can determine there's 1 left in that store. I throw on my flip flops and head down to your store. I arrive 10 minutes before closing; I walk in and I'm 1 of 2 customers in the store. I head to the Monitor section and there's only 3 displays, none of which are the model or price point I'm looking for. Then an announcement comes over the loud speaker that the store is closing in 5 minutes and to bring my purchase to the open register. Slightly frustrated I call it quits and decide to explore other options. As I leave the location a young AA female at the check out asks if I've found everything I'm looking for. I replied no I haven't. To my surprise she says (with a smile and enthusiasm) "well how can I help you I'm sorry you didn't find what you're looking for." Jokingly I stated that I will need to leave because according to that announcement I only have 3 minutes left. She said that is not a problem; so, instead of leaving as I usually would I engage her and explain my predicament, she immediately page Jose (whom I'm guessing handles sales int hat area). Jose started to help me explaining that the majority of the monitors are kept above the sales floor. Without hesitation he grabbed a ladder and began checking stock to help me find what I needed. Thats when the manager came by and as he entered the office on the front end with the one-way mirror made a comment to Jose "We closed a while ago didn't we?" he commented. I immediately turned to him and asked him to repeat what he said. As he pushed his way into the office he commented that he was taking to the guy on the ladder; referring to Jose. Your cashier did an excellent job of saving a sale, Jose was 100% attentive and provided excellent customer service; the piss-poor attitude of the manager cost you the sale.I asked Jose what the name of the manager was and he stated it was Shawn. I then left without purchasing the monitor, apple keyboard and mouse I was there to get. Brick and mortar stores like staples are a dying breed with the online competition destroying your GM. Your only advantage in providing excellent customer service. This is simply feedback. I just wanted to let you know that your management team is failing your customers and setting a terrible example for your employees that are doing a terrific job in that location. I'm not writing this for coupons, or a discount on future purchases, I just want to emphasize the importance of customer service in this connected retail environment. I will never shop your store again.