Why the hell am I friends with people who spread narrow minded crap?

Today wasn't a bad day, but it is one of those days where seeing something profoundly dumb can make me want to punch someone in the face.

So, being in the south I am friends with a fair number of conservatives. One of my friends is a girl we can call H. She's not a bad person, but she's pretty stereotypical when it comes to facebook as she either posts white girl pictures like "oh look, i'm out in the snow in a bikini, LOL!" and those things about relationships and shit guys do wrong. 

Today I was browsing Facebook, mainly just as a way to keep up with people. And I see this post about the whole $15/hr thing.

Now I can make it pretty clear that I don't think Minimum wage should be $15 an hour, but $7.25 is too low, and it needs to be raised to a more livable wage.  $10 at the most. 

Anyway, to paraphrase the post was this guy posting some shit about how $15 an hour is for lazy entitled people, some kid regurgitating faulty math and the guy returning to say "Minimum wage isn't a career, its for high school kids to have extra money." 

First off, fuck you. 

Secondly, minimum wage jobs may be intended for first jobs, but they do not work that way, and they never will. People need jobs, and "real careers" can't hire everyone. So those in poverty need to take these jobs as their only source of income so that they can actually live.Sometimes they need to help pay for college, sometimes they have some disability or lack of education and cannot do better than this. That doesn't mean we need to force them to stay in the dirt deciding whether or not they should get groceries, or medicine, or clothes. 

I grew up in poverty, and I'm still in poverty. I work a minimum wage job because I have no choice. I work my ass off and I am doing what I can to get the education and training to get a better job, or enter a career. And it's idiots like this who piss me off, because they vilify anyone who works minimum wage, or relies on government assistance. 

And what about our dear friend H? She works minimum wage, and she's almost the same age as me. She doesn't have to worry about the fact that it's barely a sustainable income because she lives at home still, and her money only goes towards victoria secret and Iphones that she promptly sells so she can get new ones when they come out.

Now, I am fine with views that I don't agree with, they don't make you any less of a person, but using bullshit reasoning that you don't know anything about does make me see you as less of a person, particularly if its just some regurgitated bullshit you found on a facebook page likely run by 13 year olds. 