Douchebag Co-Worker

So theres this guy at my work who is literally the most unbearable piece of shit i've had the misfortune to work with....ah where to begin?


Lets start with his attitude about the job. In my profession most of us just try to go to work everyday, make our money, and go home. I don't take it too seriously, but I get annoyed with people that either take it way too seriously or not seriously at all, this guy is the former of the two. He is constantly looking to correct you, or undermine you to our clients and customers. He is always actively trying to become a supervisor despite almost everybody disliking him; including supervisors who he constantly second guesses. When I have an a job assigned to me at work by my supervisor, he is constantly interrogating me about what i'm doing and if I have approval to do that. I just flat out tell him that i'm not going to answer questions like that, as he is on the same level as me, and the process between me and my supervisor does not involve him at all. He is constantly brown nosing big-wigs that come through sometimes, but he does it in a way that is not subtle at all. I asked him if that was "just a touch heavy handed?" He is always trying to put a bug in our supervisor's ear about new policies that all of us should have to adhere to, and that our company isn't strict enough on all of us, even though he has the same position as us.


Next we come to his sense of humor....So we have to wear ID badges at my work, and something this asshole likes to do is come up, take your badge off your shoulder and walk away with it giggling. i wear keys on string on my belt and he either snaps them on me, or he plays with them pulling them and releasing them repeatedly. another time he came up to me and put his cheeseburger wrapper in my shirt pocket. I asked him, "do I look like a fucking trashcan to you?"


This guy also doesn't drink, and while I can kinda respect his decision, it makes me able to relate to him even less. He always condescendingly says that he "doesn't need alchohol to have a good time." The guy has never tried weed or anything else, and is a complete straight-edge square.


Lastly we come to his notions of "chivalry". So this douchebag is one of those guys who thinks that all women should be treated like a princess type of guys. He doesn't have much luck with them unsuprisingly , because he is the type that is way too nice. He is always posting stuff on facebook about how women always want the perfect man, yet overlook guys like him. Not that i'm in the greatest of shape, far from it actually, but this guy is like 5 foot 9 and over 300 pounds. He posted a video of naked mothers (post pregnancy with stretchmarks and all), with their naked children on facebook the other day, saying that it was "mothers true natural beauty", and that if you were perverted you shouldn't watch the video. It's not that those mother's bodies disgusted me, it's him always trying to be Captain Save-A-Hoe all the time that disgusted me. I was telling him once about some mean words I had for a chick that I was breaking up with, and he said, "If I ever hear you talking to a woman like that in my presence, I will kick your ass!" ...Not to be a tough guy, but that fight would be over in about 3 seconds, lol.


TL; DR: My co-worker is a douchebag with Autism or Aspergers or something.