Please stop talking about it.

Okay, I've had enough. Enough of this pointless excrement that's everywhere on the internet and in the society. Feminism. Abortion. Slut shaming. Bullying. Social approval. Clothes. Being "acceptable". Sex. Looking good. Apparel. Houses. All this bourgeois nonsense is slowly eating me away and reducing me into something else.  

Stop talking about it.  

I wake up and open Facebook. Someone posts that a governor in a state is making abortion illegal.  

Seriously? Whoever that governor is, he probably has a sub-100 IQ. If you say abortion is illegal, masturbation should be illegal as well. We don't have the scientific means to define consciousness properly yet: how do you draw the line between alive and not? And why do people consider themselves capable of making such decisions? Being a person of power, don't you have more important things to take care of? Stop talking about shit like this and go do something useful. Please.  

I scroll down some more posts. Some posts about feminism and how "my body doesn't define me". If it doesn't, why are you calling yourself a feminist? Why are you hiding behind that facade of breasts and a vagina? Your body stays with you for a few decades, a blink in the cosmic timescale. You came from stardust, and you will decompose into the same stardust. If someone insults you for being female, punch him across the face: there is no need to advertise that to the whole internet. And to guys who do insult women for being women, grow the fuck up. "Gamergate", seriously? Is this what we have become now? If we spent less time caring about people, their appearances and their sexuality and more about science or something useful, and try to define our purpose in life, our race would be so much better. Again, stop fucking talking about stuff like this.  

More internet. People advertising their possessions. Bodies. Genitalia. Yes, very impressive. You are the pioneer and the champion of everything that ever was and to come. Oh, you want to look sexy even when you're forty? Why don't you stick around for another five billion years, and burn along with the planet? Thank you.

I just don't get it. It has become so cool nowadays to be "different". To be "cool". "Sexy". And of course, internet famous. And to what end? What are your cleavage-showing instagrammed pictures going to achieve? What is your feminist blog going to achieve? Yes, random dude, thank you, I can see enough of your muscles. I don't see why you have to show that to the world. Why can't you ignore this substandard crap and concentrate on your careers, or art or science or something worthwhile and useful? 

What is this rant going to achieve? I don't know. So I am going to stop talking.