It's been a rough few weeks

I've never ranted on the internet net before, not that I remember anyway. But right now there is just nowhere else to yell. Two weeks ago I got a phone in my dorm from my choked up mother. My older brother passed away two weeks ago at twenty-five, car accident, no one was drinking, no one was high,  and he wasn't driving, just a driving a bit too fast on the wrong stretch of road. I want to be mad at everyone for that, my brother for having out, the driver for being alive, myself for not finishing what I started when I decided to try and be a better brother. My parents, bless them, have been nothing but forgiving and the amount of support we've been getting has been nothing short of amazing. But goddammit, why can't I be angry? Someone killed my brother, and I'm supposed to just never think about it? I took a few days from school to go home and help with arrangements and prepare the eulogy that my parents felt they weren't prepared to give. I'm buried in work, waiting for a response from a woman about a job, and today I just needed to have a bit of R&amp;R. One of my friends got me a year of Xbox gold as a sort of late birthday present. I haven't played live in over two years, just could never justify the monthly cost, so I was pretty jazzed as I started up. I played some black ops 2,  it was pretty fun, but it was only the appetizer for my main course, GTA V. I love the single player but really wanted to try out the multiplayer finally, after owning the game almost a year. I should preface that my dorm is a small apartment shared with five other guys, two of which seemingly have an open door policy with the entire campus. So I get off COD, head over to where I keep my games, scan for GTA, nothing. That's weird, well maybe it's in my bedroom, nope, another case? Goose egg. Two hours of searching an apartment so small it would be impossible to hide a dustmite, and interrogating my entire apartment and I have zero leads. All I know is at some point in the last three weeks (The last time I played GTA) someone came into our apartment and took my game. I'm still holding out hope that I'll find it in the dumbest place I would never think to look, but it's looking less and less likely. I don't know why I'm so upset over a lost game, I don't know why I can't be upset over my brother, I just don't know how to react over anything right now. I mean, look at this post! It's half about my brother, half about a stupid video game! Is that how this is supposed to go? I'm just confused, I'm angry, I'm sad, I'm just defeated. So there, my rant, nothing is solved, and I'm still just confused.

TL;DR I'm in mourning over my brother and a game. Opop45 uses RANT! It's not very effective...