All I wanted to do was to get fit and maybe start playing Rugby

I am a university student, UK, and I'm pretty bad at doing anything physical, and it's been that way for years.
 
I got pretty badly bullied in school and was teased out of playing sports, heck, the teachers pretty much hated me for being the fat kid that always forgot his kit. Flash forward to now and while I've lost a heck-load of weight, whenever sports societies on campus try to get you to sign up it is literally my worst nightmare. I think the problem is that I'm just scared of looking like a total outsider, you know?

This year, I thought I'd start my last year of Uni with a new me, and get fit. Do more exercise, get a gym membership and maybe join a team if I had the time -- so I looked on eBay for some gym kit. I'm in talks with a seller who has a job-lot/bundle of rugby kit that he's selling, and it seems to be my size. All is going perfectly and it included a few shorts, shirts, hoodies, bag, you know, everything that I'd need to just look like a regular, and while I thought it was going to be a swift sale and not even my flatmates would be-the wiser, I'm pretty sure this seller was just playing me for a fool. After sending him the money through Paypal he flat-out refused that any transition had gone through. I was messaging him pretty frequently, being as polite as I could, hoping that something would get sorted out, that maybe it was just a mistake, but he just kept saying that it hadn't gone into his account and that I should send it to another email address. I messaged him asking if he could contact paypal and send the items after giving him the transaction reference and he just stops responding and it's like pulling teeth.

I got in touch with paypal, and they've now refunded me, but It has been some weeks since this all started and I've been hanging onto this idea of this stuff coming and now I'm back to square one! There is no way I can afford buying stuff new, and everything seems to be sold individually for a higher profit, I just wanted some ex-sports kit with a couple of team shirts that looked generic enough that I wouldn't get questioned on it. Pretty sick of the whole thing, now, until the next 'too-good-to-be-true' comes along.