All girls online are rude

My background: I am 20 and live in a small conservative city in a convservative sex-starved country called India. I never had any female friend let alone girlfriend. I want to move to some better country. But atleast for 1.5 years, I am not going to leave even my city. And there is no chance I can make any female friends here.

Now I live in such a brilliant place. I am very ambitious student and don't waste time in anything. But since (un?)luckily I am straight I have urge to make female friends. I want to have someone special, want to love someone. I am even happy if I can get some good female friends not romantically just talking regularily as a friend. Before I tell you my success story, I want to remind you of the countless days I dedicated to this. Other than this I want to say I always tried to remain gentle and nice and never ever talked with anyone in appropriate language (i.e. abusive words or sex talk).

So type of girls I met:

* Ignoring girls: These are the girls I met the most. Whenever I message them, they assume neither I exist nor I am waiting for reply. I have wrote dozens of long message, only to hear back nothing. Sometime they stop replying in the mid of conversation and you start wondering whether they are going to reply or not. And then reply after a day or two like nothing has happened. So wow here sitting a stupid. You can talk when you want and stop when you want. And sorry is not a word in your dictionary. Very good. One more thing I had a success rate of around 0% in getting reply from Indian girls. I don't know if they like white guy or something.

One of the conversation I recently had on reddit. She created a post on a friend making reddit

Me: I saw you are looking for a friend. I am (...a long para). So how you doing?

(Ignoring whatever I said, replying to nothing)

She: wat ur skpe?

Me: my_id

Note: She had not added me yet


* Worried Girls:

Me: After few messages. Hey can you add me on skype? My Id is this. It will be easier to chat there?
She: Are you prevert?

(It has literally happened with me. I don't how asking skype id can make me a pervert. I even didn't asked her phone number)

Me: No. Why you think so?

She: I'm don't give my skype Id to strangers. My full name is written in skype.

(Well she think I will contact NSA and ask them where she is located. And then knock at her door)

Note: I stopped replying after that.


* Busy girl:

Me: Hi

She: I am busy

Me (some other day): Hi

She: I am busy



So here I am frustrated and alone after spending countless time from nearly a year and I have no female friend. I don't understand what type of guy they want. I don't know what's wrong with me. Is asking for a friend online is too much? For now I think it is some kind of punishment to me. I hope some day it will change. Sometime I wish I was asexual.