I didn't know.

When I was deployed to Baghdad I had just turned 18. I had no idea what I was doing or why I was there. I was in a heavy weapons company which meant that we drove around in trucks with big guns. I was a .50 cal gunner. I loved that gun. I knew it inside and out. I could clear jams easily and reloaded cans as quickly as anyone of our more senior guys. I was assigned to the lead truck in our convoy for most missions. 

One night we were running a resupply mission for our small out post near Sadr city. The sun had set and it was past curfew for the locals. At the time there was a high threat of VBIED attacks. Vehicle borne improvised explosive devices. I saw the headlights of a car coming directly at our convoy. We are trained in escalation of force meaning we use the least force neccesary to defuse a situation. This vehicle was moving at a high rate of speed. We normally run blackout meaning we have no lights that are visible to the naked eye. We have night vision and use IR visible lights to see at night while driving. My driver flashed our high beams to signal is as a convoy which was known by the local populace. The car didn't slow. He swerved a bit and threw in the secondary spotlights as well. The vehicle still didn't slow down. 

The next step was to shine this big ass laser we have. We called it the light saber. I once pointed at a pigeon sitting in a wire at an intersection and it fell to the ground flapping its wings disoriented. I pointed the laser at the vehicle. It swerved a bit as it is a shock having that thing reflect through a windshield and light up the inside of a car. 

It never slowed. 

Even though I have a large machine gun filled with piss, fury and destruction at the ready, I always have my rifle i. The turret with me. At this point the vehicle was coming in quickly and bearing out convoy. I shot two warning shots into the dirt next to the road near the oncoming vehicle. It still didn't slow down. 

I transitioned to the .50 and shot a burst through the hood of the car to disable the engine but it kept moving toward us. At this point the vehicle was within blast radius for a VBIED so I open up on the windshield to kill the driver. 

The vehicle came to a stop as it violently turned into a wall 25 meters from the front of my truck. At this point we had come to a stop as well. My truck pulled to the right of the road and the truck behind me pulled to the left so we could have covering sectors of fire. The driver of the vehicle opened the door with his hands raised and attempted to step out of the vehicle. 

When a round goes through a windshield it gets redirected downwards a bit so this guy had gotten shot through the guy with a few rounds. When he tried to stand as he was stepping out of the vehicle his leg snapped and he collapsed on the ground. 

We had guys move from the trucks to clear the car. The medic and another guy grabbed the guy and carried him to the side of the road to treat him. Our other guys cleared the vehicle and I kept watch of my sector to make sure no other vehicles were coming and that no one was watching us friom the rooftops.

A few minutes pass and another vehicle comes along. My driver flashes his lights. I shine the laser. The guys in the ground raise their rifles to the oncoming vehicle and shoot warning shots into the dirt. This one is coming faster than the one before. I don't have time to try and disable the engine so I squeeze off into the windshield to kill the driver along with the second truck which is armed with a 240. 

The cars lights go out and rolls into the other vehicle we had just shot up. We see movement in the passenger side of the car. The two that shot warning shots walk up to the. While weapons raised to see a woman sitting in the front seat screaming. They order to her in Arabic to step out of the car. She slowly climbs from the vehicle. She keeps screaming and crying. Our guys shine their weapon lights into the car and I can see the driver. His head was gone and his chest was a mess. Our guys in the ground look into the back window and then yell for the medic. They try opening the back doors but they are locked so they smash in the window to get the door open. 

A small boy climbs out the back and runs to his mother. Out guys start pulling out the two girls they found in the back seat. They were shot up really bad. They laid them in the sidewalk next to my truck. They were still breathing. Their eyes were closed. They didn't make a sound. I just saw the struggles breathing from the rise and fall of their collapsed chest. They had taken several rounds to the chest and legs. Their thighs were mangled. Their guys were exposed.

I don't remember the blood. I don't remember if my
Medic tried to save them. All I saw was the exaggerated rose and fall of their chest as they struggled to fill lungs that were ruptured from my gun. I remember the boy crying next to his mother. I remember. 

I wish I could talk to that boy. He is probably around 18 years of age now. I wish I could see him. I don't know what I would say. I'm sure he would want to kill me. I killed his family. His father. I watched his sisters take their last labored breaths. We found no weapons. There was no VBIED. They just didn't stop. I had to kill them. They wouldn't stop. How was I supposed to know that that vehicle wasn't a bomb? As a gunner I have the responsibility of protecting my brothers from those help would cause us harm. 

I have a son now. Everytime I see him cry I remember that boy. It's fucked me up so much. I don't know what to do. I wish I could see him but I don't know what I could do. There is nothing that would ever make things right to him. Shit, he is probably fighting along side ISIS right now. So in the long run I helped create another terrorist. Someone born into chaos and forged by death with a hatred to the American infidels who killed his family and tore apart his country.

Fuck man. How can I live with this burden. 

**Edit** I just want to thank everyone for their kind and empathetic words. This happen almost ten years ago now and I still struggle with it. Unfortunately this and other events have really torn apart my persona. I struggled with relationships, addiction, verbal and emotional abuse to friends and loved ones. It pushed my wife away from me because I have never been able to build a true loving connection with her. I am very fortunate that she is a good mother to our child. I do get to see him occasionally but its difficult because she moved all the way across the country.

Things have gotten better for me. I left the military and have seen many therapists and I am finally getting a hold of myself again. I have a job that I am being very successful in and I have a good future ahead of me. It doesnt always feel like it but I know that things can only change if I am willing to make the changes. There isn't a magical phrase or drug or person that is going to suddenly make everything ok.

I like a lot of the advice you all have posted below but I want to share one more thing that one of my favorite therapists told me.

He told me to close my eyes and imagine myself in line at a coffee shop. There is a TV in the corner and the news is playing quietly but you can hear bits and pieces over the chatter of the people around you. They are speaking of an election. Now look at yourself. How are you dressed? Are you with someone? How do you feel at that moment? What is going on with your life outside of that coffee shop? Are you successful? Are you married? Are you enjoying your work? 

Now take that moment and save it. Its a picture. A picture of your future. In 2016 when they are arguing over who is going to screw America over the least where do you picture yourself and how do fit in at that moment?

Now I wont share too many more details about the specifics of where I see myself but I did one thing to help remind me of this goal, this picture of myself that I want to become.

While I am standing there in line I am holding my key chain. I dont carry many keys but when I stand there in my imagination I feel the wait of the keys. So everytime I am standing somewhere and holding my keys it now reminds me of my goal. It reminds me everyday of that picture I had set for myself and that I want to work towards. I dont know all the answers yet on how to accomplish that but I have made huge strides in that direction.

By 2016 I will be what I had pictured myself as. I still struggle everyday but I know I can make it.

Thanks again everyone. Take care.