I'm sick of being in debt. I'm sick of not being able to get a well paying job.

I recently graduated college with 30k in debt which I haven't started paying back yet. I have around 5k in credit card debt because of past irresponsibility and also only working 10-15 hrs a week for several months last year (while super busy with school) and semi-living off of them. My laptop of 7 years recently died and I had to get a new one, which was another 1.5k I have to pay off within a year. (Yes I bought an expensive computer because I know so many people who buy super cheap ones that stop working in under a year. I want one I can trust to last me at least 5 years.)

I have a job that I only make $9.25/hr at but don't mind. I can't work a full 40 hours a week starting soon because I am also in the midst of putting in graduate school applications, which are super expensive and time consuming. My mother recently gave me 5k as a gift (her idea, unprovoked) and I deposited it into my account on the 31st. My bank is holding the money and I've called them twice and they won't release it because it's "unusual activity" and are being SUPER unhelpful. Because I thought it would be in my account, I ordered some of my gre scores and transcripts to be sent to schools because I want to use that money for applications. In addition to having to buy gas to get to work and paying my credit card bills it ended up making my account go negative. 
So now I have less than no money and I don't get paid for another week. 
Plus, I am about to move in with my boyfriend in a new city on Monday and have to start paying rent again. I don't know how I'm going to afford ANYTHING once I get there since that check still isn't released. 

Everything in my life is going so well and I'm super happy despite these stupid financial issues. I used to work at a call center and made $13/hr plus bonuses. Back then I had no problem paying my bills and my bank account always had money in it, but I was so dead emotionally. I was an empty shell. I refuse to ever do that again. It frustrates me that I can't get a better paying job unless I want to work at a call center. I've applied to so many jobs this summer and NO ONE called me. I don't think there's anything wrong with my work history or with me. I do not understand it at all. So I settled for working for a company I used to work for before, but like I said only pays me $9.25/hr and can't really pay me more than that. 

I want this all to just work itself out so I don't have to deal with it anymore. I want my credit cards to have $0 on them. I don't want to owe anyone anything. I want to be able to buy the winter coat and boots and new clothes I need. I want to be able to afford to support myself. I just want to not have this source of stress in my life.