About people missing the point and calling others out

I hate how stupid some people fucking are in areas such as threads and (I know) the youtube comment section.  There is an argument or discussion going on, you submit a response and some fucking idiot replies nitpicking at the stupidest shit in your post.  

Lets say it was a reply to how much money youtubers make from adsense, the numbers you use are there to just be used to help prove a point.  Some idiot will call you out on the numbers and go off on that.  A different example is from the Diablo 3 reddit, someone submitted a thread where he stated he was getting tired of badly  geared, low paragon level people joining public games only to be carried.  The top rated comment was one where it was calling him out saying how the OP was "bad" and how he could "carry 3 others without a problem at all," that's not the fucking point.  No where in the post did it say it was making it harder to the point he couldn't carry them, he was simply getting tired of carrying people who don't want to do any work at all.  Then here goes the whole hivemind of people who want to make themselves feel better saying the same thing.  The people who actually understand and point out what the OP was saying get downvoted to oblivion and got called "bad" as well proving the point on how stupid and immature the majority of people are.  

Roosterteeth, they recently started to incorporate new videos featuring a different cast of people.  I personally don't find the videos funny so I dislike the video and move on.  If you go down to the comment section it's full of shit like "omg you guys aren't true fans" or "if you hate this video so much why bother disliking and watching" and of course since there's a female "you guys who dislike this are all just a bunch of fat neckbeards who need to get outside and meet an actual female."  The majority of the time, the people who are "defending" are worse than the people who post comments about not liking something for a certain reason.  Of course the comment section is full cancer, it's youtube, but it's also the case in their subreddit, albeit less cancerous.

Typing this before class starts to help feel better.  Sorry if I broke any rules or so.