Atheists Who Attack Religions

So this stemmed from seeing /r/atheism of the reddit front page every so often. And I am in no way attacking atheists, I am find with your opinions and thoughts. But what I do have a problem with is those f**ks over on /r/atheism. Anytime they hit the front page it is always for attacking religious people, stereotyping them and being hypocrites.

So this one story was about Steve  Harvey calling Atheists idiots, and walking away from someone if they say they are Atheists, because they aren't worth his time. And I agree with them, that's fucked up thing to say. It is arrogant and it is a douche thing to even think.  
However, this stemmed into a full on attack on Christians in general, this stemmed into an attack on the bible, this stemmed into an attack on their God, this stemmed into a stereotype bashing of Christians. 
And somewhat I agree with what they were saying, being Christian myself, having grown up in a Christian home, I can honestly say many Christians are stuck up and think that they are better. However, there are many who are not. And this is a great insult to them. **THIS IS A HYPOCRITICAL THING TO DO AND IS WORSE THAN WHAT STEVE HARVEY SAID**. They have a cry over one man calling all atheists idiots and yet turn around and attack Christians and basically call them idiots, even in the video that it was a link to, like here "If you need a book from the middle east to tell you how to be moral that raises red flags," this is not only insulting to say that we need it for that, but it is calling them stupid enough to need a book for morals, and also calls them immoral. Among other things said in the video and in the comments.

I mean all those fuckheads in that subreddit do is try to disprove the Bible and other religions. **Don't you have better fucking stuff to do other than be stereotypical, hypocritical, discriminatory, hateful and down right disrespectful?**

PS I hate politically correctness, I think it has gotten out of hand and has destroyed free speech. But I thought that these fucks had to be put in their place being hypocrites. **AND AGAIN I AM NOT SPEAKING FOR ALL ATHEISTS, OR ALL OF YOU ON THAT THREAD, BUT THE ONES I HAVE ENCOUNTERED ON THAT THREAD ARE DICKS**.


Edit: after talks with some of the guys in this thread. I realized I forgot to say that a lot of Christians are the same. They will attack atheists and all religions that aren't their own, even Christians attack other variants of Christianity, like catholism. And a great number of Christians will say how "you're going to hell for....(anything they don't like, even a church....(PH), says that you will go to hell if you leave their church...or watch TV)". So Christians aren't innocent in this either. If anything they are worse. But that's another rant.