Why are people so god damn obsessive over there shitty food all the time?

Seriously, are you some obese fucktard who can't WAIT to show off his food? Got a new car? Okay, that's great. Drew some art? Good work! But why do people have to over glorify their food at all times?

"Look at me guys I'm having a cheeseburger/salad/any fucking food in the world!" News flash! If you live in a first world country, then nobody gives a shit! Why?! BECAUSE EVERYONES ALREADY HAD IT YOU MORON! Seriously! There is nothing surprising about your food! Unless it's some cure-all-disease miracle food, than I, along with any reasonable sane person, DON'T CARE!

For instance, these shitty comics that are like, "The only things I want in life is my computer, my WiFi, and my FREE FOOD!"

http://imgur.com/P6URqrT
http://imgur.com/Pb06Lpj
http://imgur.com/sYMmF0V
http://imgur.com/Fhs9yTW
http://imgur.com/M9NhkRj

What are you? Some huge obese monster who has an infinite mass stomach that wants to constantly devour food?! If you are on the internet, making comics on how much you love food then you are most like in a 1st world country. If you are in a first world country, you probably aren't malnourished! So why do we fucking care about how much you love food?

There is NOTHING interesting about you and your boring ass food.

Don't act like you are constantly starving either. If you are able to tell the internet on how much you want to eat, then you probably aren't starving. For the massive fee of 5 dollars, you can get a 2 double cheese burger, a medium soda, and maybe a small fry. Certainly enough to sooth your appetite.

Am I missing out on something?

Is there a reason I should constantly worship my food supplies?

Please let me know.

It wouldn't be that bad of a problem if it wasn't fucking everywhere.

So before you make that post on your food, stop and ask yourself, "WHY DO I NEED TO LET EVERYONE KNOW THAT I LIKE FOOD JUST LIKE THE REST OF MY FIRST WORLD COUNTRY?!"

It will do us sane individuals a favor.