Why can't I just be a head in a jar like on Futurama?

I don't even know where to fuckin begin. First of all if this offends you then you are officially the problem with the world today. Second of all Facebook can fuck off. Third of all, while that is happening, every girl on the planet over the age of 10 can go ahead and fuck off too. By now shouldn't these stupid assholes realize that NO ONE has "the perfect body"? Seriously why is "fat shaming" and "skinny shaming" even still a thing? How about we start shaming the ignorant shit bags who complain that the media picks on them only to turn around and pick on someone else solely for being on the opposite end of the same spectrum. 

Oh boo fuckin hoo, you're considered fat, the skinny girls look at you like you're less than human. By all means turn around and call them a bunch of anorexic bitches because someone in your situation should know how awesome it feels to be insulted based on something you have no control over. 

Oh never mind. You're one of the skinny bitches are ya? All those big curvy girls are lookin at you with hatred in their eyes while they hold their head high and talk about how guys like a girl with an ass to hold on to and tits the size of their head. Well fuck no that can't happen! You get mad girl and you explain that it isn't your fault you're skinny! All you do is eat all the junk everyone else wishes they were eating but you just CAN'T gain the weight! They're just jealous! They're unhealthy! That right there is exactly what you should say to make everyone else feel bad for you, because there is no way that will come off like you're a self centered bitch. 

Here's a plan! You fuckin do you for once in your god damn life! Quit going on Facebook and fishing for sympathy and fuckin change it. If it bothers you badly as you say it does you would have by now. If you're as overweight or underweight and miserable as you say you are go to a fuckin doctor and ask how to change it.

Or maybe you're one of those completely average people who just has to jump on the bandwagon and complain on both sides, because hey, why the fuck not? Well you are a shit disturber and aren't making this any better for anyone. 

You don't know the situations other people are in financially or medically so making assumptions about other people's weight because you are unhappy with yours is ridiculous, a waste of time and an all around shitty thing to do that doesn't make other people feel sympathy, it makes them feel pity that you are so miserable with yourself that you need to obsess over other people. 

So fellow ladies of the internet, I can now get to my point. Can we just start taking that stupid All about that Bass song for what it really is, a catchy little tune with no real substance, and quit suffocating my fuckin Facebook wall with article after article about how it's empowering for women one second and then how it promotes an unhealthy body image the next? If it enrages you that much, TUNE IT THE FUCK OUT! It's a lot easier to tune out than all you sad sacks who hate your bodies. At least the fuckin song doesn't follow you around. 

Oh and you can also quit acting like you're a bunch of martyrs for your fat girl/skinny girl sob causes because you aren't. You're another sad piece of shit with too much time to think. 

That concludes my longest rant ever.