I'm not your slave.

Sorry if this is the wrong subreddit, I'm sorta upset over everything. Didn't really think this would fit anywhere else. 

This may seem like i'm a spoiled kid, but hopefully you can get pass that.

 Around four years ago, I moved from a great School district in Alabama to a Terrible one in MIssissippi. I was around 11 years old, and beause of the school district we were in I had to be homeschooled. Which was alright, Besides living in the bible belt, and being forced by my Hipocritical Christian mother to take some bible class, It was alright. 

 A few month later, my Mother and Step-Father had the bright idea to open an antique shop. Which was alright at the time, thought it would be cool to just do homework while we sat there waiting for people to come in. After a While huricane Isaac came through and flooded the building. We sat on our asses for 6-7 months at the most before we got another Store. This time we were dealing in a lot of furniture. (Antique furniture) Along with some Glass things, and what-nots. Which my Mother and my Aunt put money into and ran. It ended up we had a HUGE outside sale on the weekends. (I am the only Male out of 8 females. Me, My sisters and my cousins all slaved away there every day for a few months.) Which is ridiculous and it ended up me loading furniture instead of homework. Basically she was pulling me away from my studies to be her "slave" as I like to call it. I think it hit me when all of a sudden I didn't have books anymore. It was the next year and I didn't have my next set of books. She pulled me out of school to be her work horse.

After a while, they realized they were making more money ONE weekends than all the weekdays combined. So they stopped paying that HUGE amount of rent and Started renting a big outside building, no walls just a roof. (I forget the name of the type of building now, and my mom and aunt are in a huge fight now also this is around 3? years later. July 2013 is when we moved into the outside building) But not really caring about my studies anymore and just wanting to help my Mother, I was the official furniture loader of the "Flea Market' we owned. We had everything from Couches/China Cabinets/Video Games/Shelves/etc It was a big building.

I loaded furniture like a slave from that time until a few months ago, when the man we were renting the building from said "I need the building, you have 3 months to pack up." (Also, I'd like to point out I didn't get ANYTHING from this. Not a cent for helping out like I did. I hate to brag but I was basically the backbone of the building. If anything needed to be done, I did it. I loaded everything while my sisters (18 and 12) sat at the front desk with my mother. I helped with the Wiring for fans/lights and Id like to think I did a really good job for a fat kid with a 6th grade education.  When he said he needed the building we took that as we have to get out now, and a couple from the auction my Mother and Step-Father went too came and spent a lot of money on EVERYTHING we had. They bought it all. (They gave me $100 to help them load it into a Uhaul, these people are RICH. Like can buy whatever they want when they want it. But thats besides the point) Now here we are, I'm sitting in my room typing this while my mother is outside throwing stuff away because "You're useless, all you ever do is sit on your ass" Which I didn't think was true, and when I wanted to help her, She got even more pissed, saying "You're only good for loading, you're useless." SO. I mouthed off, Saying that I'm not her slave and she shouldn't be such an asshole. (I'm locked in my room no chance in hell i'm seeing her again tonight. 

Short version : Mom pulled me out of school to be her personal slave, and load things. Now i'm sitting in my room because i'm so called "useless". 

What do reddit?