Why am I so damned nervous now?

So I just got off the phone with Job Corps, everything is accepted, they gave me until the 2nd of december to settle things on my end, hop on a bus and head to their center to get my job training and take care of what I need to.

But I'm nervous as hell. I'm going to have to quit my job, pack all my shit, and head out. The entire program can take up to a year, and since I'm in a shelter now I'm not going to have anywhere to go once I get out or during breaks or leaves. 

I like my job, I work with some decent people, my boss is understanding of my situation but now I have to leave, and go to some place that could either be a haven that can finally fix this shit of a life or a hellhole that just makes me feel even worse. 

So I have a little over a month, a month to make sure I have enough money stored up so when I get out I'm not starting over from nothing, a month to tell my boss that despite being a new hire I have to leave for better prospects (or so I hope), and a month to convince myself that this isn't another addition to a long line of mistakes. 

I know I can't stay where I am and get complacent, but damn it to hell if I'm not fucking wishing I could. 

Best Case: Go in, get a license, get training in culinary arts, leave, join the Army and build an actual life.

Worst Case: Go in, get washed out somehow, homeless and unable to return to the shelter, can't get work because I left my job after only a few weeks of work, feel like a fucking failure as always.

Bad enough that I can't talk to anyone about this, because my mom only wants to make these feelings worse, most of my friends aren't anywhere near me and it doesn't help nearly enough to just go through it with a collection of words and an old picture.

So why am I like this? Why can't I just be fucking optimistic? I put on a friendly face at work, and apparently they think I'm optimistic, why can't I lie to myself like that? Why is every prospect I get full of doubt and self loathing? 