I hate Baby Boomers

This week has been a rough one for my daughter.  She is graduating high school early (December) and is obsessing about what to do next; college, work or college and work.  Then an extremely unfortunate event happened.  A very close friend and a previous prom date committed suicide.  

One of the suspected reasons is he was having a lot of issues at home.  His parents were pressuring him to “become something”.  Not only was I struck by the loss of a 19 year old boy but one of the suspected reasons is the same pressure my daughter now feels.  

Since I personally have dealing with career dissatisfaction for years now and often daydream about making cabinets or baking bread, I felt like I needed to do some research before I offer my words of wisdom.  

During my Googling I found article after article about how today’s youth sucks.  Gen X, Y and the Millennials are just self-absorbed parasites with zero work ethic.  This has led into:

Why GirlParts Hates the Baby Boomer Generation!!

Typically I hate stereotypes, but since I have been reading (and listening to from boomer friends) nothing but sweeping gross over generalization generational stereotypes here is mine.   

1)	You were born into economic prosperity and received more help from this country than ANY OTHER GENERATION.   Your generation has been able to define pretty much every decade since 1950.  The 1960’s it’s about you as teens…look sex drugs rock and roll.  The 1970’s people in their 20’s dancing and entering that workforce.  The 1980’s 30 and 40 year olds working, sniffing coke and making materialism a virtue.  The 1990’s kids kids kids.  Disney became so large it is now a super-villain.  You made kids movies a money maker.  Now, your ass is getting old.  Don’t cut your social security, don’t touch any of OUR benefits but hey you kids need to work!  You don’t want any other generation to have their say.  Well why would you?  For the past 60 years it’s been about you.  

2)	Family Values.  Apparently today’s youth doesn't have them.  However, you’re the generation that created the latch key kid.  You’re the generation that was defined by dad taking off and not paying child support.  You’re the generation that caused laws about child support to be created.  Baby boomers also made drugs mainstream.  You advocated rebellion against elders and now are pissed when it happens.  Oh what is more hilarious is when you complain that the young don’t know how to fix thing and do other stuff like that.  Maybe because that’s because a high number of them (speaking for Gen X here) had only one parent.  The parent who was there was working their asses off to keep food on the table.
 
3)	Boomer inherited a country that was a manufacturing powerhouse.  We had solid infrastructure and good affordable education.  You outsourced to China, ignored the infrastructure (because lowering your tax bill by $10 a year was more important) and watered down and made education about profit.  Now you hate China, refuse to acknowledge the failing infrastructure you neglected (and are leaving us with a huge bill) and complain how back in your day education was better.  Yes, yes back in your day it probably was better and affordable thanks for fixing that for us!

4)	Employment.   Your parents worked for a company made a good salary, a pension and retired.  When you took the reins you made sure that financial gain was the only goal..fuck the employee.  No one works for a company like that anymore because you killed it.  You built an economy where the young need that college education to be employed, and increased the cost of said education.  Now you are retirement age and due to medicine and lack of financial planning most of you are still working.  Meaning the younger generations who are supposed to replace you aren’t.  In fact over 1/3 of baby boomers have not saved a single fucking dime for retirement.  This is a catch 22 for us since you are handing us your retirement bill yet we can’t get the jobs to pay it off.  This leads me to:

5)	Economy.  Why don’t you just take a look at the graph of national debt.  See how in 1980 it started traverse to the stars.  That is around the time y’all started taking public office.  The financial doom that lays before the United States rests solely on your shoulders.  You have dominated public office since 1980, you have been voting for longer.  So before you BLAME the youth for where our country is at take a fucking look in the mirror.  It didn’t get in this spot overnight.  No this was a long drawn out narcissist self-indulgent process that started around the time of your birth.  

6)	News.  Your generation was blessed with Walter Cronkite.  You have given us sensationalist 24 hour news channels and Fox News.  Go fuck yourselves.  

7)	Your bitching.  Before you condemn every young person for being whatever remember you raised them.  You created the educational system, value system, and all around environment which they were brought up in.  So really you just bitching about yourselves.
