How the hell did I get here?

So it looks like I'm getting divorced.  I'm not exactly sure why.  She even tells me that I've been the perfect husband, but she just can't bring herself to love me anymore.  I don't blame myself for it, even though there's always that nagging voice in the back of my head that wonders if I could have done something more.  She definitely has her issues, and fear of commitment is one of them.  She's lied to me, cheated on me, coerced me into doing things I'm not exactly proud of.  I've bent over backwards to support her and bowed to pretty much every whim, and was happy to do it because I love(d) her, and that's just what I'm willing to do for her, and she treated me like shit through toughest times, even though she was the cause.  I'm sure a shrink could write a book on her issues, but that doesn't change the fact that I still love her.  Typing it out, I know it seems like I'm attached to the wrong person, but it's really hard to put into words why I'm so willing to stick to it.

But it doesn't matter anymore, because she's giving up now and I've been living on the couch for about three months now.  It's uncomfortable and about 6" too short for me.  The funny thing is that lately she's been downright pleasant to be around.  Doesn't matter, though.  Last weekend I caught a glimpse of her phone and her background picture is of the guy who she's apparently seeing now.  Finally lost my temper and today is the first day I've said more than two words to since.  

We have a daughter, and it kills me to think about how it's going to break her heart when we finally do split.  We both grew up in broken homes, and it was always my wish that my daughter wouldn't have to go through that.

I'm frustrated.  I work 80 hours a week.  I pay for almost everything because she is still paying off student loans and can't afford to handle much else.  I can't afford to move out because like any normal cop, I get paid dick.  So I pay an extortionate amount in rent and bills to live on a couch that I rarely get to see because I'm always at work.  The couch is in the living room, so I don't have any privacy.  I get a few moments for some "me" time about once every three weeks, and sex is a distant memory.  I can't remember the last time I had fun.  It's always either work or sleep or waiting to sleep.

I hate my life.  I hate saying that.  I still have my daughter, and at least I know that when everything finally happens, my wife won't try any dirty tricks with custody.  But I can't help being depressed about all of this.  I did everything I was supposed to do.  I just want my family, and it's getting taken away from me and I don't really know why.

She says I'm her best friend, and that she loves me, but she's not *in* love with me.  Despite everything I've done for her, it just isn't enough.  All the sacrifices I made for her, putting her needs before mine, changing myself to suit her ... and all for nothing.

She's my best friend.  My only friend, really, as between family and work I never really have time to socialize.  I'm going to lose that now, too.  No guy she enters into a relationship with is going to want her ex hanging around and texting with her for anything more than dealing with our daughter.  And I'm going to need to move on.  How can I do that if I'm still attached to her?  She doesn't seem to understand that concept.

I don't know what I'm doing anymore.  I'm feeling lost, and I'm 36.  I should have a grasp on things by now, but everything I thought I knew has been taken from me.  I have to be civil now, not loving.  I want to scream at her, call her every name in the book, call her down for everything she's done to me and what she's doing to me now, but I can't do that.  Not just because it would make life even more unpleasant, but because there's still the part of me that doesn't want to hurt her.  It sounds stupid, I know, but none of what she did to me was out of malice, and I'm just not good at being an asshole to someone I don't truly feel deserves it.  So I swallow the rage, and suffer my sadness and loss of hope in silence.

Then I write a 4k word tl;dr rant about it on Reddit.

And look, I know I'm in the "doom and gloom" stage of post-breakup emotion right now, but I'm just battered.  I don't have any fight left in me.  I'm deflated.  I'll have to check my thesaurus for any other ways to express how shitty I feel.

I'm tired now.  Time to sleep.  If you made it this far, I'm sorry to have taken up your time.