Egocentric fork hole of a neighbor


After lunch I get a text message from a number I have never seen before telling that I cannot get to or leave my house all day today. 

Why? Because the center of the universe has decided that he wants to kill trees today. Trees that are not on his property. Trees that keep the steep hill side from swallowing the road to my home. 

The HOA that claims to have a very strict policy to prevent people from removing trees, did not contact me. They also failed to even inspect the trees that are to be killed or observe what impact killing this 20-50 years old trees would have on the environment or other people in the community. 

The grade of this kill side where these trees are drops 8 feet in 8 feet, if this was a roof it would be called a 12/12 pitch I believe. The ground drops one foot of elevation for every linear foot. 

Since this is my only day off, the first day the sun is out in over a week I had several things planned for the day. Including meeting people at HOME.

The center of the universe managed to call the HOA, the fire department, and the sheriff but never reached out the only person on the face of the earth that would be disrupted by this work. 

First the killing of the trees makes a bad erosion problem worse. THe chances of a land slide are dramatically increased by killing these trees. Making my home much more dangerous to live in. 

These trees are not on the center of the universes property. They are not his trees to kill. But the center of the universe that bought a house high in the trees, wants a view of what is on the other side of the trees. Guess what that is, another forking tree. The center of the universe will have to kill that one too. 

What on earth would possess anyone to feel that on Friday afternoon they can force a person from their home the next morning?  

Then when the center of the universe is made aware of the fact that other people live on this planet, he couldn't care less. Why would the center of the Universe care about the little people? 

Seriously want to destroy the center of the universe. 

  
