My shitty-ass college math class

Let's talk about my math class.

I didn't do too terribly well on the placement test, so instead of being put into a calculus class or anything, I was put into a college algebra class.

So, I thought, okay. This is good. I will have a relatively easy time with this one, then.
When we went in the first day, we were told by our teacher (who has a very thick latino-sounding accent that's kind of hard to place. Her english is passable, but it's hard to tell what she's saying most of the time) that this course, called "the Quantway", would "not be like any other class we've previously taken". That it would revolve around group work and discussions. About algebra.

Okay, I thought. That's kind of weird.

Even weirder were the two different legal contracts that we had to sign before taking the course (with legal witnesses also signing). We were told not to read the second, much longer one. I skimmed it, and it seemed like just normal "I agree to participate and show up on time and shit" agreement, but there must have been some more stuff in there because it was a fucking legally binding contract. I almost did not sign that one but eventually did because I cave into peer pressure real quick.

Now, halfway into the course, I have realized something.

This entire class is a bunch of fucking guinea pigs.

Looking at the class from far away, it's ridiculous. In the physical class, we have two teachers, one of whom is presumably very intelligent but has the crazy-thick accent and the other is a large, mustachioed woman who is I think a student teacher and also the smuggest fucking being on Earth and treats us like third graders. She even does the "everyone put your hand up when I do and stay quiet when I do it" thing. She'll just stand up there with her hand up, silent, with a smug-ass grin on her face, waiting for the entire class to raise their hands and become quiet when she could just use her words and treat us like adults. This is especially stupid because the way the class is organized into groups, half the class is facing away from the front of the room at all times so they can't see her do it.

Teachers aside, the textbook is in fact one of those ones that you are supposed to write in. Which I guess is fine, but it sucks because the book appears to be in the early beta stages of development, containing typoes, misprintings, and shittily worded questions that confuse more than instruct or teach us anything. They're just vague, badly worded or, even better, they call upon data that isn't to be found anywhere else in the book. And this ineptitude for writing quality curriculum also crosses over to the online portion. 

Easily half of this class's actual content takes place on a website called NovoEd, hosting a course called Quantway. In it, you do the homework that is assigned (they skate around just calling it homework by calling them OCEs, or Out of Class Assignments) as well as the PNLs (preparation for the next lession, in which they ask questions about things that haven't been taught to us yet. These is also part of our final grade). Again, the questions are sketchy at best, some containing actual 100% legitimate spelling errors. And the answer grading system is automated, and a huge stickler for details. Some questions ask for you to put commas in your numbers or a dollar sign or units or whatever, but some omit that requirement. If you even put a period at the end of your answer, if all the rest of it is completely right, you will get the answer wrong. Like, it takes a third grader's understanding of how people are going to answer with slight differences to figure out that not everyone is going to be able to meet the criteria for each individual problem every time. The combination of all these shitty questions and shitty answer detectors is that even the most basic questions can get fucked up easily (and I mean the most basic of basic. Like, literally stuff I learned in fourth grade. Right now we're working on fucking median, mode, and mean. The introductory lesson to the class was about how big a billion of something is, i.e. how many digits a billion of something contains. how is this supposed to prepare me for adult life when it's just making me screw up things that I know already and have known since elementary school?)

So, it's a half-assed, half-online, half-in-class experience that really feels like they're just using us students as guinea pigs to test out this new course.

I sure am glad I paid thousands of dollars to the college so I could partake in this masterpiece of a class, that's for sure.