Never Work in the Deli- it SUCKS

First off the hours are LONG. I thought when I started working there that it would be fun, frying chicken, making subs, slicing meats. But what they DON'T tell you is how grueling the work is. That the department is ALWAYS understaffed, and that people will call out on a DAILY basis for bullshit reasons. They will schedule you closing one night and have you open the next day- oasis be damned. If your availability is anything but open most of the week, they won't give you enough hours. If you have open availability like I did, they will work you just under 35 hours so you don't get full time yet you basically work full time anyway.

Speaking of full timers, forget about being important if you're part time- part timers are expendable and God forbid if you ever have a dispute with a full timer, the full timer will win every time in the eyes of management EVEN IF THEY VERBALLY HARRASS you. This seems to be a problem confined to the deli because everyone I've talked to that works in other departments does not have to deal the shit we have to deal with. Forget the customers (even though they can be rude as hell), I'm talking about your associates.

Maybe it was just my store, but they were catty and mean and cliquish and any time I made a mistake they would complain to management. Speaking of management- POOR management at my store. Complain to department manager about problems? He does nothing about it/ says not to take it "personally". Complain to store manager, he does nothing about it. Ask for a transfer, can't get one because same coworkers got me written up so that I can't. Continue to get worked like a dog while said coworkers slack in the back. Sometimes I even closed MULTIPLE stations because people didn't do thier job. Kitchen people left stuff undone most of the time. Department looks like a mess in the morning. Assistant department manager is so new he doesn't know how to do his job and gets easily manipulated by my associates. Pregnant women in our department get overworked and in trouble when they have legitimate medical reasons to call out.

Males are "chummy" with department manager while women treated differently. Honestly I've never seen such appaling behavior for associates and management alike! Forget having a life and trying to do schoolwork- if you let them, Publix will work you to where you can't do both. And the cherry on top- my mother went into the store to return my uniforms and the assistant store manager was so rude to her about it and refused to give her his name when she asked for it.

I honestly thought working here was going to be fun but boy was I proven wrong! The deli is NOT fun and if you are thinking about working in that department I advise you to run as fast as you can away from it. The other thing managers neglect to tell you is that once you're in that department it's VERY hard to transfer to another department. It is essentially the "black hole" of Publix.

Credentials: worked there 9 months, got bh certified
