"We're sure it's nothing..."

I've lurked these sub reddits (angry, anxiety, rant) for a while, and I feel like is my turn to rant. Sorry for any errors, I'm heavily mediated.

For context: I'm a 22 year old female attending college.

I've been in pain for a long time. I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism, then IBS and GERD a year later, and fibromyalgia almost 2 years after that. After many long hours of visiting specialists, I figured all that out. Until a few months ago...

Back pain started springing up, probably me just being an idiot. Then I was in a very minor car accident, and it messed me up way more than it should. I got muscle relaxers. After a couple of months I got back pain again, so more pills. While this was happening, I was doing an experimental trial for a migraine medication, which also fucked me up.

A couple of weeks ago I got even more back pain, and it didn't stop. I couldn't walk very far, standing hurt, and sitting was a nightmare. All of my back pain came from my spine, and never really left that area. I decided that after my doctor scheduled an mri on the weekend for me (after missing a mid term to hopefully go in that day to get one) I should go to the emergency room.

I get there and they do a reflex test, and all of a sudden my leg goes crazy. Neat. My right leg is almost seizing with every reflex tester. That gets me the mri I need.

Nothing. Not a disk slip, not a muscle spasm, nothing seemed wrong. I was furious! I've been missing classes and downing pills that bother my IBS like crazy only to find it's nothing. But the doctor said this last thing before he left me:

"We are sure it's not this, but you showed signs of multiple sclerosis... I'm positive it's not that, we just thought of it as a possibility and don't think it's anything. Anyway here's oxy."

Fucking excuse me? Your just going to leave me hanging with something like that? You're not going to do anything else to check? Thanks I guess.

This was my night last night. Woke up late today and didn't give a fuck about anything. I'm pissed.

Again sorry for any errors, its been really upsetting me and I've been close to tears for weeks, and crying sometimes when I'm alone.

Thank you for reading this, I appreciate it.