I could probably beat the shit out of my stupid brother. [Wall of text]

So I sort of posted about this in a different sub, but when this whole thing started out. I had posted to a tech sub looking for a solution on time limits on the computer I could put up. Not for my kid, for my 37yo brother.

No, he's not watching porn all the time. But he *is* on here all the fucking time. Like, seriously. He's always been one where if he has access to the internet, he'll be on it. But Jesus H Christ, man. So him and his fiance split and he moved from Arkansas back to Southern Indiana/Louisville (he's staying between our house and our moms). In the beginning, he had stayed up one night til 5am, then 3am, then 4 am, until after about a week I told him not to stay up all night because we're having a hard enough time as it is paying bills, he doesn't need to run the energy bill up anymore than it is. All was good and well for almost a week. Then I caught him on here til 2am two nights in a row. Come the fuck on. You're in our house, not paying a single fucking bill or contributing to anything, and you're taking advantage of shit and getting way too comfortable. My final straw was yesterday, however.

He's been "babysitting" my daughter so I can do some work outside of the home. This is important to remember. I had the time limits set on the computer to where they would be on until 11am when P went down for her first nap. He would have 2 hours to do his shit. Then when she wakes up about 1-1:30, he would be kicked off until her next nap around 4. I just wanted some assurance he wouldn't fucking be on here while she was awake. Well I was upstairs, derping on Reddit waiting for P to wake up and usually I'll hear the tv downstairs (he crashes on the couch), but I didn't so I thought Ok, cool. He's not doing anything for once. NOOOOOOPE. Somehow, even after I changed our password for our user account, he got onto it, took the parental controls off completely so he could get on when he wanted. Mother fucker, are you kidding me. Are you seriously such a dick that you **have** to have your way? So I noped the fuck on that and turned them back on and he continues to be pissed about it. FUCKING WAH. So after I get out of work, I picked up my husband from work and then we made our way home and it wasn't until after 6pm we got in. Usually about this time P is still down for her second nap. He also said he'd clean for us since we've both been working this week and haven't really had time to do much of anything other than try and spend time as a family. He barely straightened up the living room, but there was still a sink full of dishes, cat box still full, just a fucking mess. He'd been home for 7 hours by himself. He was feeding her what I had told him to feed her for lunch. He also said that he had to wake her up sometime between 4-4:30 because she was sleeping so long. Never. Ever. Has my child slept for 6 hours for a nap. Are you fucking kidding me? Oh, it gets better. Then he proceeded to tell us that he put toys in her crib because she was crying over the monitor so that was basically to shut her up. He also said 'she didn't make a sound on the monitor-she could have been quietly playing with her toys' I seriously want to go ape shit on his ass. Why would you use your energy to go upstairs to put toys in her crib when she's crying, when you could've used a little more fucking energy getting her out of her crib and bringing her downstairs with you? Why is the god damn computer and your phone so much more important than my daughter, your niece?! It's become quite fucking apparent he hasn't played with her, probably at all this week, while I worked because the same fucking toys are down here, he never brought any books down here for her to read to her like I told him to, fucking etc. I'm just pissed. And I'm going to have this talk with him today, I just needed to get some fucking rage out before I used it on him. Probably by death. Who the fuck knows.

KJAFLKSDHFJIANERIUGNURNIUN.