My step-sister stole a game from Me

This happened a couple of months ago.

So last year I bought this Grand Theft Auto V game everybody's talking about for less than retail price. It seemed fun and I liked other GTA games, so I bought it for the PS3, but ended up disliking it because of the framerate so I didn't played it that much.

Fast Forward in April or May, my step-sister got a PS3 from her brother. Not fishy at all, he just gave it to her for no reason, but she only had one game, and felt she would appreciate if I let her borrow a couple of games of mine. Between them I let her borrow GTA V, since I wasn't playing it &amp; she seemed to be having fun with it.

Fast Forward to June, my brother, who was in college throughout these last months,  asked me if he could take his PS3 with him, me, having a nice computer to play videogames on, let him do so. He asked me if he could take GTA V with him and I was like sure. So the day he finally comes home, we're chilling &amp; go to my dad's place, where the game is. To my (and his, I guess.) surprise, the PS3 was no longer there!

I went take a look at her room, and well It wasn't there. Confused, I wait for my step-sister to come home and ask her where the PS3 was; She said her brother came pick it back up. "Oh cool, but what about the game I let you borrow?" "Oh the Last of Us? (Another game I let her borrow, but didn't played because it "scared her.") it's over there." "Oh nice, but what about Grand theft auto V?" "What about Grand theft auto V?" "Where's the GTA V i let you borrow?" "You didn't let me borrow any GTA V."

What? WHAT?! 

So you can see where this is going, she let her brother take the game without asking me if it was alright. I'm bad right now, she told my brother the GTA V was her brother's, even though it I know I gave it to her. I asked my step-mother if she could help me get it back, but it was no use, he told her it was his, also since I've been forgetful in the past, my brother doesn't 100% trust me I let her borrow the game (but I know I did bought the game because I still have the receipt, and that I never let anyone else but her borrow it) and nobody was there when I did let her borrow it, so I have no evidence, no nothing to recover it.

I have no way to get the game back, since her brother doesn't live in the same house I/Her do.

I'm thinking on asking his girlfriend (who just happens to be one of my mother's friend's daughter and she knows me quite well.) if she recalls him getting the game, and if she doesn't, I'll tell her the story and see what she thinks of it. Either that or just go to her room and grab $40, but I would feel like a thief of some sort.

But at the end, I'm just frustrated that happened, and I had nobody to talk about it atm. Thanks for reading! :D