Fuck my fucking life.

Well fucking hell do I hate having to go through bureaucratic shit. 

Now lately i've been in a pretty pleasant mood. Worked a bit more, made a new friend out of a coworker, got gold, pretty sure my coworker/sometimes shift manager has been flirting with me, and that was all fine and dandy. 

Now today wasn't going to be a perfect day, I needed to go to DSS to recertify for food stamps and get some records from the health department so hopefully I can get out of my crappy personal situation. But there was no real reason for me to be in the mood I am now. 

First off last night I could barely sleep, part because I was still wondering about said coworker who may or may not be flirting with me, and part because I had to do laundry and it took me until 11:00pm  to get everything done, and another part because everyone who's ever been in a shelter always has to be coughing/yelling/fighting/slamming shit. So with a 5:30 wake up and being forced out by 7:00 I only got maybe 5-6 hours of sleep.

So i suck it up, unfortunately dumb me decided to give a guy $10 yesterday so I had to skip breakfast and wait until later to get something at a discount at my restaurant. Ride the bus for about a half hour, wait for the DSS doors to open and fill out all the paper work.

Guess what! When you re-certify they don't bother wasting their time talking to you that day. Instead you fill out the paper work, staple your pay stubs and hand it in to be told "yeah wait like 2 weeks and then come back." Mother fucker, I barely have any control over the days I have off, and I can't really afford to miss busy days that could help me pay for a bus pass or some more food with my tips. I can't even guarantee I'll be in Charlotte in two weeks. 

But fuck it right? That's what places like that does. So I go outside again and head to the Health Department that happens to be right next door. Go in, go to the appropriate area and go "Hey I need my Immunization records so I can not be homeless in a few weeks."

I give them my I.D and they tell me to fill out this giant ass form. At first I'm more concerned that there is a sign that says "$1 per page for records" me only having 4 bucks hopes that immunization records don't take up much space. But lucky me, I don't have to worry about parting with my money! why? because they have no fucking records on me.

Now this leaves me with a few things to think on. The first of which is: Is America so fucking incompetent that important records such as if I'm susceptible to smallpox or some shit aren't automatically uploaded to an area where any state can access them without needing to call up the original state? Quite possibly. 

The second is: Is my mom so fucking incompetent that she didn't get me immunized and that for the past 20 years I could have died to some stupid ass disease that was pretty much rendered harmless decades ago? Just as possible really. 

So now not only am I stonewalled by the school system because the fucking counselor at my old high school won't return my calls for my transcript, but I can't even get my health records because they don't seem to exist. So the Job Corps, which is really my only hope to get training/education and all the shit I couldn't do in high school because I was piss poor is pretty much a broken dream. And with it goes any chance at College and the biggest hope of joining the military. 

I can't get out of this situation working a minimum wage job with a really unstable schedule. Even if I work 40 hours a week it doesn't cover most of the rents in this area, and the ones it does I would need to pay utilities that I also can't afford. Plus I'm sure my boss got some shit when he nearly did give me a 40 hour week because I'm sure the corporate parent doesn't want to have to pay for overtime/healthcare for every employee so they probably have a limit on how many hours a lowly min. wage can get.

In summary: FUCK FUCK FUCKING SHIT ON A DIARRHEA SANDWICH! 