Why tip at all?

I don't understand why the hell we have to tip to servers? I mean, where did they come up with that number that we have to tip about 18% or stay home. I don't understand why they feel they are above others that work at places like mcdonalds or burger king.

Don't get me wrong, I am not saying that they don't work hard and such but they don't deserve the shit pay but they certainly don't deserve to bitch and whine about stupid shit like, we should get tips since we are doing the work to give you an experience. So basically, you are saying that you do more work than anyone else there or at mcdonalds. I mean, really? I get that they have to do slightly more work than someone at a fast food chain but for them to take tip and be proud of themselves. Sorry, I don't tip the stupid.

First and foremost, I don't see why they are allowed to get paid less than minimum wage. I mean, they are working and they are doing something, they deserve to get paid like equals, but if they are too stupid to realize this, then I'm sorry, but I don't agree with the fact that I have to be a secondary employer. Not only that, they think that we are stupid. "You don't understand, if you don't tip us, we don't paid!" Bullshit, if someone like that doesn't get tipped enough, the law states that the employer needs to pay the a bit more to get by at the very least. I think that tipping is a very sneaky way to evade taxes.

I also hate it when they go, "If you are too poor to tip, you are too poor to eat out." So let me get this straight, if I don't have the money to tip you, you want me to stay home so that way you don't get business? That's fine by me, how do you think you get paid anyways, the money fairy just comes in and grants your employer money? I don't think so. I hate that they say that. I hate that they think they deserve the tip as if they did anything. Cleaning a table and bringing food is something that anyone, literally anyone, can do. I don't see the need for training, just do what the others are doing and you will be ok. Does the cook ever see any of this money? Does the dish washer in the back see this money? Why aren't they getting a part of it? Servers are just selfish and I think that in all honesty, If an employer is too cheap to pay you a decent wage as defined by state law, they are too cheap to operate a business any longer.

TL;DR Tipping is bull, if they can't pay you like everyone else, don't work for them.