If you hate cops, you're a fucking moron

So I have two accounts on reddit, one on my laptop and one on my phone/mobile account. Lately I have seen a lot of anti-police and anti-law enforcement posts on reddit and heard a lot of the same things in real life.  This pisses me the fuck off. 

I get it, police aren't 100% perfect. In every profession they are bad people. I won't sit here and say the things that have recently happened around the nation/world (Ferguson) didn't happen or weren't awful, they were. But saying that the police are nothing but violent sociopaths and the worst people on Earth is straight up bullshit and if you believe that you are a fucking idiot. 

None of my close family or friends are involved in law enforcement. I have very left leaning political views. I've been involved in a couple "riots" (I use it loosely because it was just a bunch of people coming together and law enforcement escalating the situation). I've been charged with crimes in the past, mainly small things but they are still on my record. Basically what I am saying is if you look at my profile you'd think I would be one of the anti-police supporters. 

Yes, some police officers and members of law enforcement are bad apples, but what about the 99.99% of them who are good people doing their job? What about the officers who die in the line of duty protecting you? Because someone in the same line of work as them did something bad they're a heartless sociopath? Know what you never hear in the news; tales of police officers doing their job normally. Today I was a car pulled over on the side of the road, with an officer talking to the driver. What that driver did, I don't know, but I know what that officer did; his job. He saw someone do something he perceived as unlawful and did something about it. Guess he is a bastard who is gonna spend his afterlife burning in hell. 

If it wasn't for them, society would be like the movies series "The Purge." If you think that the normal police officer has anything but the best intentions for their community or the safety of the people around them, you are 100% undeniably wrong. Their sworn duty is to protect and serve those of their community. Fucking deal with it. Hating on cops doesn't make you a bigger person, just a bigger bitch. 

/rant