Disappointed.

I know this post might become a total gay bashing thread if any homophobic bigots insensibly reply, but I am totally disgusted. I am an 18 year old male struggling with my sexuality right now. Living in a small community, I am unable to find other men that I can talk to about things about me. Well, after watching Chris Salvatore's video about his struggle coming out, I thought I'd be on the search for someone that I can mentor me to the point of "coming out" to my family and friends. In his video, he recommended Moovz, a social networking site for gay men. Without hesitation, I created an account and within a day, I acquired one follower. He sent me a message telling me that he was "horny", hoping that I'd be the person to help him get off. 
Now I am here, writing this post, pouring out my disgust for men and the gay community. With the whole marriage equality issue going on in America, I pity the bastards that ruin the positive image that righteous and respectable MEN are trying so hard to build. Shame on you! And to answer your question, yes. I have a cell phone. And yes, I might EVENTUALLY consider engaging in sexual activities with you IF you showed me, and yourself respect, and actually genuinely got to know me. By the way, thanks for asking me how old I am. Yes, I'm actually 18. I just graduated from high school, and I am currently pursuing a double degree in nutrition and business administration but you didn't care about that, replying "ok congratulations. Where u live at babe? Do you have a cellphone? Do you have ooVoo kik or tango?" Please tell me why you think that you deserve that information? Please tell me why you think that I'd give it to you? Please tell me why you think that I don't have enough respect for myself to give you that information? Please do yourself a favor and screw yourself and check out Grindr. They have lots of men like you who hide their faces behind screens and solicit information from guys that deserve more than you give them credit for. FUCK YOU!