Studying abroad in Sweden

Throwaway account, 15 years old in Sweden studying abroad.

Yes, that all sounds fantastic right? Sounds very fun to do, and at first it was, learning a different culture, etc. etc. 

First off, the culture isn't that different compared to the US, the change was very minimal, leaving me very surprised, and sad. Coming here I wanted a different life, yet it's barely changed. 

Moving on, the host family that I'm staying with, barely does anything wtih me. I'm 300 km from Stockholm, and we do absolutely nothing, as I live in a 3,000 people town. It's very frustrating to not do anything every single day. 

However, I have learned a few things, how it feels to have no friends at all, how it feels to be completely secluded from the world, and this is all extremely useful. But I left a life in the US, I left an amazing girlfriend who I don't know if I'll get back when I'm back in the US. She's open to trying, but I don't really know. 

Living in a big city in the US, I had things to do, and here, I haven't done I single thing, other than go on a few hikes over the course of 2 ½ months. 

Lastly, the school system here is extremely boring compared to US schools. Theres no sports, no clubs, no extracurriculars, nothing to do outside of school. 

Oh, also, there are 2 teenagers, but they are beyond introverted. Dinner ends? Doors close to their rooms, in for the rest of the night. Things like that. 

I am only here for 40 or a little more days, but it's getting extremely frustrating coming home and watching Netflix while I think about my girlfriend, the person I miss the most. I have tried and tried to think of activities to do, but I can't. For the life of me, I cannot. Even my host parents joke about having NOTHING to do, and that pisses me off beyond belief. That THEY talk about having nothing to do, and like I'm just okay with that, and they know I'm from a big city, and they know I'm not used to boredom. They shouldn't have brought someone to their house if even they talk about extreme boredom in their town, what the fuck. 