Can't even get a goddamn interview. Ready to give up on my dream

So you've heard about the "talent shortage" in software development and how people are self-learning and making FUCKING HUGE MONEY as developers, blah blah blah?

I didn't go to one of those coding bootcamps, I decided to self-learn. I actually DID get a job this way. However, what I soon realized that the reason I got the job was because the company was small, in an undesirable industry and basically was scraping the bottom of the barrel when they hired me.

Long story short, I got fired. Why? I'll take responsibility for it and say I had a shitty attitude and didn't like the company. Why did I have a shitty attitude? THAT'S THE QUESTION NO ONE FUCKING CARES ABOUT.

1.  I felt I was mislead about the amount of training and feedback I would receive 
2.  My mentor would get pulled off the project I was working on and I'd be left for days at a time without any help. He'd be in his office with the door closed (totally necessary, I understand) and I'd be sitting there with no tasks. "Hey buddy, you know I don't have any tasks and I'm not skilled enough to do what's in the queue, right?" Uh, yeah, ok.
3.  My manager was a salesman type guy who knew jack shit about technology and had a personality that grated on my nerves. Foul-mouthed, two-faced, and full of shit. If he were a co-worker I could have tolerated him, but as a manager, just not my kind of guy.

Had I not been so desperate to take any developer job and had I known the right questions to ask I wouldn't have even accepted the job because there were a million red flags that I could have discovered. This is 100% my fault, not theirs.

So now here I am, pulling unemployment. Essentially my short time(6 months) at my last job means absolutely nothing, and having to explain why I got fired after a short time isn't helping. I'm considering just lying and saying that I had a health problem, or that I voluntarily left, or that I was laid off.

I have little experience and no C.S. degree, I UNDERSTAND why companies wouldn't want to take a risk. I've made projects, a website, posted my code, gone to meetups to network, social media, all that fucking bullshit.

I am soooo fucking close to just giving up and begging for my old job back. I hated that job. It was and still is a dead-end job. But if I can't even get a fucking interview in this field then I'm clearly being told that I'm not wanted, right? Just fucking give up already!

FUCK...