Down the rabbit hole of our complicated friendship.

There are a lot of things that irritate me about you. Today in particular it's the comments on my diet that set me off but there are so many things I wish I could just put to bed permanently. Sadly we ended up being flatmates this year in a tragic twist of fate.

I don't know what it is about you that riles me so much - I think in some way it's because you have a lot in you that reminds me of myself, except expressed differently and more concentrated. You've always been a bit socially anxious and a bit of a misfit. You've clearly spent a lot of time online as a kid because you found it hard to make friends in the offline world. Your social skills are terrible. 

I hate the way you revel in your anxiety- I guess in some way it's because I know I could easily slip into that too. I put in a lot of effort to make and maintain a wide range of friendships, I really put myself out there in a way you don't. Before university I was a bit quieter, not as involved - I know I didn't have the isolation that you clearly had suffered from in secondary school but I am a lot different to how I was.

I hate your over reliance on your girlfriend. I feel if you didn't have her and actually had to stand on your own two feet you'd be so different - you have no social life outside of her and her's and I know it bothers you on some level but you do *fuck all* to change that. On the other hand, she keeps you out of my hair so that's a good thing.

I hate the passive aggressive comments you make about me being popular or something - you were invited to places once but declined them often enough that the invites stopped coming. Big surprise. I don't offer to take you with me as another guest any more because I don't want to be the person bringing "that guy" to the party. You make people uncomfortable and I worry about the reputation damage you do to me. I'm embarrassed by you.

And you know what else really sticks in my craw? WHY can't you act normally in public? You run around and make weird noises, weird hand gestures and it isn't funny - it's FUCKING WEIRD. It makes me resent hanging around you. I don't get why you think it's funny. 

Ultimately I hate feeling responsible for you but I do. I feel stuck with you because you don't know how to make any friends and I just happened, by some arbitrary decision, to be your room mate two years ago in halls we randomly ended up in. Most of the time you feel like a burden but I just can't get away from you. I'm stuck. 