I'm fucking sorry, okay?

To the stage manager, my journalism teacher, my other teachers, my parents, my friends, everyone. I'm fucking sorry. I know my brain is broken and I will never be good enough. I'm so so sorry. 

I try so hard to be good and to be useful and do good but no matter how hard I try its just never enough. I clean and I help and I meet deadlines and I act social  and I do everything I can make myself do but I can't make anyone happy. You all act like its okay but I can see in their faces how much  you hate me  it hurts so much. 

 I don't know what to do and I'm tired of being such a stupid fucking disappointment. I am. I know its whiny and bitchy to say but it hurts knowing that even though I try harder than everyone and try to do more, its still not good. 

I talk too much. I get hung up on stupid details. I'm small and weak. I think people care about what I care about. I think people care about me. I'm an ugly dyke. I think bad things. I think about hurting other people. I don't respond well to loud noises. I'm jumpy and sensitive and flinchy.

I flinch when any of you move towards our touch me because I'm scared. I'm scared someday you'll all realize how filthy and useless and horrible I am and then you'll start hurting me because I deserve it. I know I do but I'm scared. I'm sorry I act like I'm some sort of victim, despite that I know I deserve to be beaten. I'm just terrified because I don't know when it'll happen and it'll hurt so bad.

No one's hurt me in the past. I haven't been abused as a child or raped and I don't know why I feel this way and I'm so broken and it hurts to think so much about it all and I hate it so much and I'm sorry I can't stop it and I'm sorry I can't be more perfect because I try really really really hard. It's not even perfect, I just can't even be good enough. 

I'm scared and I don't want to feel this way anymore but I have to stop letting it plague everyone else because that's worse. 

I'm not gonna kill myself. I don't want to burden everyone with making them pretend they liked me and miss me, and I know I'm going to hell. I'm not gonna force anyone to feel like they have to pity me, I won't cut where anyone can see. I'm sorry I have to be so broken. I don't want it but I don't know how to fix it.

I'm trying so hard, I really fucking am, and I'm sorry it'll never be good enough because I'm too broken to ever be good enough. I'm really truly sorry I'm such a disgusting failure. Please just pretend its not over the line a little longer. Please.