When will I get peace of mind?

Everyday is just another struggle for me, at the age of nineteen, when just a few mere months ago I was on the greatest high out of life possible. I made people laugh, which I absolutely loved, I had five to six stand-up sets written every week even though they'd never be performed. 

Now I'm constantly a nervous wreck about money, the death of somebody who parallels my own mother in my heart, helping those around me cope ALL while acting as a sentinel to ensure my older brother doesn't allow his use of cocaine to slip into a habit. 

I had to comfort my own mother who's going through denial about her mother's mortality and I found out that my academic dreams are crushed if I don't take two advanced language classes for a language I cannot even grasp (Spanish).

I have enough friends in real life, but on the internet is where I had a bunch. I would make videos, play MMOS with them, and they seemed to offer some type of comfort during my bad-times, whereas my IRL friends have always been amazingly supportive but don't get me enough to see how I may feel.

While the world crashes and burns around me, memories are broken, childhood homes sold, and familial relations splinter.. I'm stuck. There's no reassurance, no peace of mind to add light to this abyssal tunnel that could grow brighter with but the flick of a match.

I wish somebody were willing to help me through this one issue without charging out -- I know I have many. My life has been so lonely, I haven't had a significant other making my family believe I'm homosexual. I haven't done a great many things that others have, I just simply am oblivious to all of that.

This isn't a sexually charged rant, I don't need some beautiful woman to talk to and date. I just need to know that everything will be okay, not for my grandmother with time who's dwindling, but for my mother, aunt, and the rest of family. They feel a sorrow beyond what I'm able to comprehend, as expected when gutted by the loss of a family member. I just need somebody, anybody to help me wrap my head about the sad reality that's about to dawn.

Life will never be the same again after these next few months, and the trail to get there is overgrown with piercing thorns. 