Tinder is the worst fucking thing known to man, yet I can't stop using it despite my lack of success

I hate tinder. It seems like everyone around me is using it and have great results. I've done everything to try and get my profile going and nothing seems to make a difference. I thought I was a decent looking guy and now my confidence is at an all time low. I've been tyring to get matches on tinder for over two months. I believe I've given it a concerted effort. I find it hard because I just moved back to my hometown and I feel lost in how to meet women since I'm not on a college campus anymore. Frankly I'm just fed up, haven't been laid in a while and my dating social/life are at an all time low. I just fucking hate tinder though. I feel like Tinder is the focal point of all my stresses and anxiety about my dating life. Why is it that I can't get a match on tinder? am I that ugly? do women really think that little of me? I just don't get it. I mean, even the girls that I know I could get a date with in real life, the girls that are not very attractive or fat aren't even matching up with me. God I really hate everything. I really have everything at the moment. My job sucks and I can't get a date to save my ass at the moment. I don't know. I used to be good at this stuff, I used to have confidence I used to be a good person. I don't know what happened to myself.  But yet I can't help but go on tinder and torture myself by swiping though profiles knowning that none of these girls are going to match with me because I've been trying for so long and why would it change all of the sudden. I know I should delete the app if it causes me all of this anxiety but somehow I feel like there is some glimmer of hope, like there is one girl out there who will swipe right, we'll match, and it will be happily ever after. (How fucking adolescent of myself, god I hate myself). 

If you made it this far thanks and I think you're a good person for doing so. And thanks for allowing to rant.  
/end