Fuck your argument logic mom!

So here's what my fucking mom does, it always starts real small, just a quick "I don't think that's how it works" or "I don't know who you're referring to", which then explodes into this whole hour long quarrell about bullshit. 


Let's take the the other day, she was watching 'The fault in our stars' and we went to the kitchen to make coffee, somehow we start discussing cancer and she says something to the tune of "people still don't know the cause of cancer, that's why there's no injection for it".  No mom, they do, I watched a whole fucking video on youtube (Vsauce I think) about cancer a couple of weeks ago, I know my shit. So I tell her, no, we do know the causes of cancer, it's the dna that changes just a tiny little bit every time our cells divide, and that cancer isn't a virus or a bacterial infection so I'm pretty sure it's impossible to make an antidote for it.


Now, I take pride in knowing what the fuck I'm talking about. I hate ignorance, I hate it when ignorant people talk about shit they have no clue about. So I make sure I have something to add before I make a stupid comment hoping no one can see through my foggy "facts".


But back to the story, my mom keeps arguing, she somehow forms this idea that the dna changing that tiny bit every time the cell divides is not the cause for cancer, the cause for cancer is instead what causes the slight dna changes when our cells divide, now sure, indirectly it is the cause, but those dna changes can be good, neutral or bad, so they do not neccesarily cause cancer.


But everyone knows good old mom, she's older so she's always fucking right, and I'm just being a smartass. Fuck that shit. I am right, I may be more clued up on a certain subject than you, but that does not make me a fucking smart ass, okay?


So this goes on for another ten or so minutes, and mom's facts just get more and more shakey. She finds these loopholes that somehow work with the facts I've given and intertwines with her bullshit to make her thinks she's right. For eg. the way she said something a moment ago meant this, when she and I know for a fucking fact that is not what she meant.


Arguing my facts is fine, I can stand my ground on almost anything as long as I know my facts are solid. But here's what se does that really, *really* pisses me off, she starts making these derogatory jokes and remarks about the facts that I state and my word choice. She basically mocks me.


FUCK. YOU. I am right, and you know it, now you want to start throwing low balls?! You can't just admit being wrong like a decent fucking human being? There's nothing wrong with being wrong every now and then, I've been wrong about a bunch of shit. But I'll swallow my pride and admit my fault.


But fine mom, you want to stoop to that level, I can play ball just as well as you. I start calling her out, quoting all the nonscensical, illogical shit she said. And do you know what her solution to that is? "You know perfectly well what I meant! You just pretend not to know what I meant! You argue just like me, I know you just pretend not to know because I do it myself."


What? What?! Fuck. To. The. No. I don't fucking know what you meant, I can't just read your fucking mind and decipher every half sentence you throw out there trying to back up your crumbling argument. And most of all, I do not fucking argue like you, I do not pretend not to know shit just to make other people feel stupid. I hate that. I hate that immensely. It belittles others and makes you look like a dick. I don't know what you mean, and that's all. Nothing more. Nothing less.


SO FUCK YOUR LOGIC MOM! IT'S WRONG, YOU KNOW IT, YOU JUST WON'T ADMIT IT!


P.S. And just because I got tired of fighting with a brick wall does not mean it won.