I've really had it with him.

Before anyone takes umbrage at what I'm about to say, let me explain that Yellowben's essays contain a farrago of extraordinary claims with little or no evidence. For the sake of review, Yellowben maintains that courtesy and manners don't count for anything. This is a complete fabrication without a scintilla of truth in it. What's more, if Yellowben's inveracities get any more evil, I expect they'll grow legs and attack me in my sleep. I've known some drug addicts who were impressively catty. However, Yellowben is unconscionable and that trumps catty every time. He just reported that elected national governments are not accountable to their own people. Do you think that that's merely sloppy reporting on Yellowben's part? I don't. I think that it's a deliberate attempt to hamstring our efforts to lead the way to the future, not to the past.

There is no disguising the fact that Yellowben's propaganda machine grinds on and on. Am I aware of how Yellowben will react when he reads that last sentence? Yes. Do I care? No, because his fibs are like the Hydra from Greek mythology. They continually acquire new heads and new strength. The only way to stunt their growth is to establish democracy and equality. The only way to destroy Yellowben's Hydra entirely is to provide more people with the knowledge that he is widely seen as unforgivable for spawning delusions of antipluralism's resplendence. Expect him to lay low for a while and allow public amnesia to expurgate the immediacy of his sins. Afterwards, he'll definitely return to rubbing salt into our wounds. My hope, though, is that the second time around, people will be aware of the fact that when I say that Yellowben harbors all sorts of stereotypes, prejudices, hatreds, and other dark mental cargo about other races, this does not, I repeat, does not mean that big emotions come from big words. This is a common fallacy held by vagarious rampallions. Okay, I've written enough for one letter, so let me just finish by saying that unless we defy the international enslavement of entire peoples, no real changes will ever occur.
