I hate hypocritical people

This is a stupid rant about a stupid topic that is still pissing me off. 

I play D&amp;D. It's fun, my friends play, and we have a good time. In a game last weekend the DM was running a pre-made game and was really pushing people to go and grab some gold off in a corner, so I took the bait because I was tired. Playing a Dwarf, I said "Alright, sure, I'll go be the Jew."

Let me own up to it: it's a horribly racist comment. But, I didn't care. Tolkien Dwarves are based on the Jews, the DM was trying to get us to go grab gold (which turned out to be fake anyway), and I thought it was an innocuous comment. Sure, racially insensitive, but a fairly mild jab and one that normally gets a chuckle here and there.

But, nope, the DM gets all huffy and starts yelling at me about how "her cousins are Jewish," and how she "takes offense to that," and then demands an apology. If she wasn't my girlfriend's best friend I would have just said no, but I didn't want to drive even the semblance of a wedge between them. 

So, I man up and apologize for what I still believe was a simple little jab. Then we finish, I go to bed, rant to my girlfriend about why I feel how I do, and try to forget the whole thing.

Go to play again tonight, a week later. She describes a Dragonborn as being white scaled, and mentions how white scaled dragons are evil, so the Dragonborn might be too, and I just throw in a comment of "That's racist," which was in character. To which, of course, she responds, "But *fantastical* racism!"

Bitch, you don't get to claim offense for a portion of your family, *which you do not personally belong to*, and then go turn around claiming that fantastical racism is fine. Racism is a thing, it is an outgrowth of inherent human psychology, and while it is not in any way a "good" thing, it is a reality everyone must deal with. It will not go away, so long as there are differences between people that others can point out and discriminate against. So long as it is not hurting anyone, financially, physically or otherwise, then it should be recognized, analyzed and accepted. Those portions of racism which actively cause harm, such as by treating people of other races poorly or refusing them service, should be vehemently railed against, because it is wrong. But don't for a minute think that sort of behavior doesn't happen, and don't go around making light of it if you're going to turn around at any little comment and demand apologies!

Argh, this makes me so angry. I don't even want to play with her anymore.