Whatever

For the past couple of months I've had driving lessons with this prick. He was great in the start and for the whole duration until the past two lessons. He made me improve and feel more confident in doing difficult tasks and taught me what is expected of me in the practical test.

Nek minet, he decides to "hand" me over to a different instructor, someone I don't know all because he is going to stop giving lessons to people apparently and do a different job. Whatever you know, you piss me off because I think as your client I should at least be told in advance of these plans you have and speculate what other options I have, before you start making the fucking plans for me.

I don't care if I'm being too frustrated about this petty matter, but I've put in the effort and now I feel like I've been fucked over. You always booked my lessons so early in the morning the day after I've had uni for three days and have been studying and staying up late for assignments. I told you I can't do it so early because I'm fucking tired. But no you still do it your way, fine. Next thing is that I have to travel to you, by train. Even though it's only a few stops it's actually tiring to do. And one more thing, you expect so much from me, I get that I need to do the best for my test but I feel as though you pressure me too much and it feels like it's a matter of life or death if I don't put the car the way you want me to.

I fucking get that I need to be serious about this, it's my money and it'll fucking get me a license but I don't think that you've at least tried to be a bit fairer with me on a few matters.
So today I fucked up so much at the lesson we just had, because I'm tired and you've put me in a shitty fucking mood and in the end you gave me to some strange dude who you think is good for me. No, I should be making that judgment, you fuckwit. 


I don't care anymore, you've put me in such a shit mood I don't even care about driving. This stresses me out because I have booked a practical test as you said and it's in a few months so yeah. Fuck you, asshole.