Asshole librarian fucking over students

We have 5 classes per day, and one of these classes is a homework class, for students to do homework or go to the rooms of the teachers of the other 4 classes if they need help with their homework. Then the shitty librarian at my school convinced the administration that students should be forced to read (only paper books, ebooks are not allowed), because forcing people to read will magically make them enjoy reading. So now, we are obligated to read for our goddamn study period. Students have resorted to hiding notes in the books to study for tests and do homework. According to her logic, if we force people to do a job that they hate for the rest of their life, they'll magically start loving their dead end job, right? Let's bring back typewriters and throw out the computers while we're at it too, since ebooks are somehow worse than books eh? /s


Before this, she kicked a student off a school library computer even the the student was doing homework, because the student didn't ask for her permission to use the computer before that period started. Yeah ok, so I need this computer NOW, but I'm supposed to ask you LAST PERIOD (when I had another class) to use this computer. The librarian fucking called the principal on the kid *twice* to kick her out of the library, because the kid desperately needed a computer and even came back after being kicked out the first time. Then the librarian had the audacity to make fun of the kid she kicked out afterwards to other students who witnessed the scene.


And even before that, she did a scam with the library printer. *Every last printer* in the whole fucking school prints for free, except for her printer in the library, which charges 10 cents per sheet of paper *after* the sheets are printed, because she will confiscate whatever your printed until you pay her. It's very easy to forget that the printer charges money because payment comes after printing. If a student has an essay due next period and prints it in the library, and she confiscates it, the student either has to pay up, run around trying to find another open lab with a functional printer, or go into their next class without the essay. If you pick options 2 or 3 and refuse to pay, you'll be banned forever from the library. 


I hate this stupid librarian. Nearly everybody in the school hates her, except for the socially awkward bookworm kids (with a superiority complex, because they think reading makes them *so smart*) who have nowhere else to go during lunch and eats lunch with her. And FYI I'm a straight A+ student who gets along with most people, not one of those troublemaker kids who try to make everyone's life harder on purpose. She's just a huge bitch.