I don't know what to do but I can't do this much longer.

I've been depressed for about seventeen years now. Everyday I think about suicide and watch as the few people I have left fade away from me. 
My sisters having a baby and s much as I love the idea, love her, and will no doubt love the kid, I can't help but think I am the absolute worst person to have around in any respect.
 
I'm supposed to be going to school and luck of the draw makes my campus in the most expensive city in this country. I hate the program I want to go into and I will no doubt fail my year once again as a result. There is literally no subject I'm interested in pursuing, no career I want to go into.

I have never been in debt and count myself lucky for it but that will have to change eventually and it freaks me the fuck out. Everytime I read about someone with a degree not being able to find a job, jumping off a bridge, I think 'that'll be me'. There's really no point in my going to university, college, or any trade school. It's only going to waste what little money I have, make me even more depressed, and then even if I do succeed in getting a degree I hate I will be once again jobless, with little money and then enjoying massive amounts of debt.

The only thing I've wanted to 'do' is get a plot of land and just be alone until I can't take it. I want to fish and garden and make my own food and house until I either get sick of it or I croak but I can't. 

Getting a loan for land without a house on it, or land you don't intend to use commercially is downright impossible and theres no way -in my country- I could ever scrounge up enough cash to buy it outright. 

I'm almost positive, also, that if by some miracle I got everything I dreamed of I would hate it too. Because that's just the kind of person I am.

I'm not looking for words of wisdom or advice. I know the reality of it is that this is way it is for everyone. Complaining, whining and bitching won't help. I just want to acknowledge that our world is a broken one wherein only a small percentage of people are forced to fit and thrive. The others are let by and left on the side of the roadway.

I don't fit in the world we've created and I never will.