STOP PLAYING THE VICTIM

I absolutely cannot stand you. I refuse to put up with this any longer. I gave you one last shot to have a mature and honest conversation about next year and instead you just acted the same way you always do and were the passive aggressive, oh 'poor me', 'innocent' 'victim'. Let me tell you right now that you are ***in no way, shape or form*** the victim here. I know that you know that you can manipulate my emotions by making me feel guilty for 'mean' things that you perceive that I have done, when I have actually done nothing to you. I was trying to be upfront and honest. I even apologised for things that I never really did for you, in the hope that you would apologise for the shit you put me through. I cried for the last 3-4 days over some of the shit you've done to me. No fucking way am I going to live in the same house as you next year. You identified how vulnerable and weak one of my best friends was, took him away and now have him wrapped around your little finger as your little puppet. Well it certainly didn't work in breaking up my friendship group, in fact we have become stronger.

You made one of my friends *so* afraid of how you made her feel over a tiny fight that she will never stand up to you again. I have to do all of the standing up to you for her, and it sucks. I'm fucking over it. Why should I have to be the 'bad guy' again and again? Why should she be afraid of you?

I am so sick of you *always* winning and always getting your way. In EVERY ASPECT OF LIFE. You are such a fucking little princess. You may have grown up with your parents catering to your every need and having you as the centre of their world but it's not that way in the real world. Stop trying to manipulate people to make it that way. Unfortunately strangers don't seem to be able to but once they get to know you, most people can see through you and they're not impressed. 

Despite the fact that I know you are a horrible and conniving bitch, you still get me down and that's what I hate the most about you. You know my weaknesses and you play them like a fucking game. Well I refuse to put up with it any longer. I will only keep the peace with you for next year for the others' sake, but no fucking way am I going to play to your games and let you play me like a puppet.

Karma's a bitch, and it's coming for you next year. I hope you fucking change your mind and decide to turn down your offer, before you ruin the year for all 10 of us.