Why is everyone and everything such a sellout? What happened to the creative and artistic talent today?

I've been thinking about this because today's music is terrible, maybe I'm stuck in the 90's, but I think the fact that labels and studios will only support and market the production of the same sold-out, anti-creative drawl is just about the problem in a nutshell.  
  
First, to be fair my favorite bands (Nirvana, Incubus, RHCP, Foo Fighters) are all from or had their greatest success in the 90's but I feel like compared to what is available nowadays, if that can even be called music; there just aren't artists or bands around anymore that stay true to their artistic vision or roots quite like the music of the 90's. All I see coming out now are albums from people who were once great or at least okay artists like Katy Perry and Taylor Swift who at least stayed true to themselves in the beginning and have now released stuff that, albiet are hits (cough, cough....) but also sound painfully obviously ghost-written. OR we get people who were quite literally 100% made by the labels like Nikki Minaj.... Are we really in such an age of sellouts like this? We have artists nowadays that say their "own" lyrics are so meaningful that it brought them to tears on writing, but then all we hear is the word "Cake" repeated 50 times. These songs are meaningless lyrics backed by the most monotonous (yet albiet sometimes catchy) eletric rhythms that are solely meant for getting wasted to at college parties. It's kinda despicable that that is all big label seem to want to put out is this mindless smut. Music used to have somewhat of a meaning, it was something that was felt and put into form and actually reflected the disillusioned youth that it came from. And when these bands were told they HAD to sellout usually on live TV they went said fuck you and did what was true to their music. I'm referring of course to that infamous performance by Nirvana on a UK (?) television program. In my opinion that performance was one of the last stands for creativity against an industry and media culture that was intent on drowning it out and killing it. It makes itself more the tragedy with what happened to the likes of Kurt Cobain and Layne Stanley and others.  
  
People argue there is still an alternative rock scene, yes; though there is really nothing rock about it. To me everything in that genre feels the same with a guy and a girl spliting lead vocals and the guy sings really high with the girl in a chorus then adopts a slightly more guyish voice for verses while they strum a guitar endlessly with the same rhythm which results in just an overall bland sound since there is usually just a single rhythm across 2 chords for the entirety of the song with no changes. Not to mention they really aren't singing about anything in particular.  

I feel like its not just music that is suffering from this either, this sellout mentality is drowning pop culture in general. There is literally ZERO creative talent in movies, with everything coming out now being an adaptation of a popular or semipopular book series, comic book, or movie re-creation. Video games have been drowned in favor of putting out the extremely safe sequels or re-makes (Call of Duty sucks, but us 90's kids really can't argue that the Ocarina of Time or Wind Waker re-makes are actually helping the industry). Even franchises that were heralded for their creativity, like Assassin's Creed, have completely drowned in their own novelty.

Popular books seem to follow the same unfortunate sell-out philosophy. Look at the Twilight series, or even Harry Potter books at this point (and I really did love that series). Books now that are both popular and advertised in any sort of way seem to solely want to push some superficial enjoyment or a cookie cutter adventure with out actually meaning anything in particular other than the drawn out believe in yourself. 

The entertainment industry can't get enough of complaining about how bad the business is because no one is buying it, yet they have no idea why...really? not even a clue? It's not that it can't be ignored, as that is what I do; but even when I do ignore it all, it seems like there is nothing left which is fresh and creative in recent memory. 

Maybe Nirvana mumbled too many of their lyrics or used too much wah-wah for that argument to be relevant. Maybe "Atlas Shrugged" played too much into a cheesey love story backed by the over-played tones of Captialism vs. Communism of the time. Maybe "Citizen Kane" is not one of the best triumphs of cinematography. But all I know is no matter how hard I look for anything that resembles a shred of pure creative talent, there is really nothing to be found so I'm left reading or listening or watching the great movies that were before my generation.  
  
All I can do is support that which is good and a truly artistic work but it feels there is so little of it right now in favor of the long since sold-out visions of art that are marketed as brand new. But who am I to say this? Maybe I'm just stuck in the past...