My Roomate

One of my buddies told me being passive aggressive isn't going to solve my problems.  I believe him, so I'm going to be confrontational about these issues that have been coming up.

So I go to dinner today at my college university and I have my group of friends all telling me there's a note on my door.  The usual banter goes on, some mentioning of wanting to kick his ass, and then we all go back to the dorm room.

So I read this message and it says that the leftover food that I had left in the room for a couple days has started to smell up the place.  And he has it posted on a big notebook paper on the front of my door. 

Seems reasonable right?  Seems like I just clean it up (which I have at this point) and all the problems will go away.  Right?  Okay, enough with the cliche's time for me to explain.

First:  This letter is the bitchiest thing I've seen come out of a man's writing.  It's basically a complaint to me in the most formal manner I've ever seen.

&gt;Please resolve the spoiled food derived oders that are on your side of the room.  Preferably by this evening.  The smell is unbearable.  Thank you.

So apparently we've now got a problem with 3 day old chicken.

Some of you probably still question the issues I have with my roommate.  The formality of this "letter" he left me is not an issue to you like it is to me.  I'm at the point though, that whatever thing he does, no matter how small, is going to piss me off even further.

Second, time to get the long list of information that HE'S been doing since I've been at this fucking school rooming with him.  And trust me it's much more annoying than a fucking "bad oder".

His girlfriend stays over here all the time.  They're always together, there's never a separation between the two.

His girlfriend sleeps with him every single night.  They absolutely refuse to be apart for more than a night or two.  

I've had talks with his girlfriends roommate as well.  Says she is pissed off at them as much as I am.  Says the nights they're not in my room their in her room.

I've made attempts to hang out with this guy, on several occasions.  He ALWAYS blows me off.

He never speaks to me.  Acting as if I'm some sort of super sketchy guy.  Occasionally he'll say "hello" but for the most part when we're in the room together its dead fucking silence.

When his girlfriend and him are in the room together (which is more common than just him alone.)  I get to hear hushed whispering!  Not only do they obviously not like me by never speaking to me!  They also don't trust me to hear anything they're talking about.  Even if it's about what they're getting for lunch tomorrow (I can fucking HEAR you!  This room is too small for that type of privacy!)

Let's get back to that note now.  So for the past four days I've been studying like mad for my classes because I got behind.  It just so happened that I had just gotten off of a bout of depression and was still trying to re moderate my life.  It just so happened that I was behind in my classes and didn't have time for the usual tidying up between my busy schedule playing a sport and my catching up on grades.  And it just so happened that I left some fucking chicken I got for lunch sitting out of the to-go box for a couple of days because I was too busy to pay attention.

But you know what the big deal with this whole letter is?  It's the fact that everyone in the whole fucking hall saw it for one.  Two, people on the basketball team now want me to fight him.  And three, YOU WERE IN THE GODDAMN ROOM WITH ME SITTING SILENT AND AWKWARD AS FUCK FOR THE PAST THREE DAYS!  Did you never stop to think that if you've got a problem with something I'm doing that you could just fucking TELL ME?  Shit I've told you that your girl needs to get the fuck out but NOO!  I've told you about how awkward it is to sit there in dead silence but that just creates MORE AWKWARD SILENCE and you blowing me off.  I've tried to be your bro and hang out with you but I can't do that because I guess you don't wanna fucking have a bro.

Okay fine that's cool.  You've got me raging over some fucking chicken.  But I've had a hard time lately, unlikely that you actually care, and I turned into a bit of a slob, but god fucking damnit you don't do anything in this fucking room.