Dude needs to learn some limits.

This guy I work with is just kind of annoying me.

so I work in a restaurant, simple work, good coworkers, good customers, and my boss works around my situation while also giving me a ton of hours since we have so many conventions lately. 

But I work with this one complete idiot. His name is Charles. now he's not a bad dude, just pretty dumb and doesn't focus enough on work. But it's a kitchen and anyone who's ever worked in a kitchen knows it's not a serious career. 

But seriously, when I have 20 people who's orders i'm taking and he's the one who has to take shit out of the oven and make sure someone take the food to these people, you'd think he'd stop talking shit about his work (dude, I make 7.25 an hour and i'm gratefully taking extra 5 hours each day when ask, you just got a raise to over 8 bucks and bitch about 30 minutes.) Plus since he's always going towards the back to talk with the cook, or the wings guy, or whoever is on dishes he can't hear me tell him when I need something, and bitches about not hearing me.

Lets narrow down to yesterday. That morning he comes up, about an hour into my shift and goes "Dude you need to pay attention, that guy wanted 2 slices of cheese not one." I take the order to put in the oven, if they decide on adding another one when they go to the register that isn't my fault, someone needs to communicate with me. Then an hour later I tell him to hold a pepperoni because we're out. Not only is this dude bitching with my shift manager and not cutting the damn pizza he's also not taking out the several slices about to be crushed by Calzones or Stromboli's or anything else I had put in. but thankfully the deaf idiot goes "Hold what? okay got it." 

10 minutes later he's bitching how I didn't tell him to hold a pepperoni. Thankfully my shift manager called him on his B.S before i did. So i continue about my work, my shift is nearly over and I plan on using the 2 hour break between that and the extra hours my manager asked me to do. 

I do the shift, go to the library, find out safelink won't let you transfer numbers/services to their tracfone smartphones without cancelling the free service. Whatever, $50 mp3 with internet, better than what I had planned earlier. 

I come back to work, and start to get a second wind (running on 5 hours of sleep a day and working almost everyday this week has nearly drained me.) And I see this new girl working. I don't flirt so I kinda go "oh she's cute." clock in, and get to work as the dinner rush comes in. However, Charles is the type of guy who can't focus on his work when there is a girl around. 

So as I'm working this girl starts talking to me, she has some weird name I probably will forget before long and I make a joke because already i've seen Charles trying (and failing) to flirt with her and also stare at her ass instead of working. She's a nice girl, second day on the job. I decide since i've done most of the stuff she's trying to do I'll help her out when our managers can't. 

Now this isn't flirting or anything. mainly because she's probably 16 or 17 and i'm 20. however, Charles being 26 somehow doesn't seem to see the same problem I do. So while we've got a bunch of customers waiting on her to get used to the register controls I hop over and give her some help. "Give them a combo, save some money." stuff like that, I'm not 100% used to it either so I try and get some experience when I can, but I know enough to help. 

Unfortunately for this poor girl, Charles sees it as an opportunity to try and impress her. So I'm standing there trying to help while he "helps". This guy is usually always on Expo (cuts pizza, sets up peoples orders.) he only is on register when everyone else is busy and his mumbling self sucks at it. I'm helping her understand these two foreign dude (thick accents, possibly Italian or Spanish.) meanwhile he's giving her some useless ass info while also trying to chat her up. 

Night goes on. Since i'm not trying to flirt with this girl, she naturally prefers to chat with me rather than the pervert risking jail time. Apparently he takes this as a challenge, no way I can genuinely be nice to a girl. So he starts getting into my face,talking about sex and shit.

So the fuck what if i'm a virgin, atleast i'm not a deadbeat dad trying to fuck a minor. I'm under no illusions, I'm a virgin because I let my situation dictate my actions, I can easily say my brain is in control rather than my dick. I've had chances and passed them up, you take the first pussy that opens up and probably have to worry about whether or not your dick will fall off in the morning. 

Anyway that's pretty much it. It's not that i'm sore or defensive about my sex life, it just bugs me because idiots like that always go to that like it's some type of taboo thing. I don't really plan on working here for too much longer, I hope I can get some plans moving on by next month, so it's not worth it to stew on. 