Eat heathy. Don’t down 20 Krispy Kreme's and say, “I love my curves!"

*My friend wrote this, and I agree with her, so I thought I’d share it here:*

In light of everyone sharing articles about ‘skinny-shaming’ and ‘fat-shaming’, I thought I would make a note about all this.  Not long ago I read an article about ‘thin privilege’.  Ironically, enough [Everyday Feminism](http://everydayfeminism.com/2013/10/lets-talk-about-thin-privilege/) wrote it.  Allow me rant for a bit…

To start, the issue I have with this article is that it uses the word ‘privileged’.  Privilege, by definition, means “a special right, advantage, or immunity granted or available only to a particular person or group of people.’  To me that means that people who are not thin^1, cannot **ever** be thin.  Let me start by saying a few things about my own personal experience.  I have been the same size the eighth grade.  I can still fit all of my jeans and clothes since I was thirteen.  I took my first diet pills when I was fifteen in an effort to fit in with all the skinny girls.  I am in that awkward middle group where am not skinny or thin but I am also not fat.  I am the most common shirt size, most common jean size, and most common shoe size.  The year 2009 was a time to be skinny, so I did not quite fit that group so I took diet pills, which of course did not work.  Now there is a new trend where curves are more popular and skinny girls are being shamed.  Once again, I do not fit this group either.  I have friends that range from size 00 to size 18 they are all attractive, not one better looking than the next based on something as shallow as their dress size.  Now I take a step back and realize how ridiculous this all is.  Being smack dab in the middle of both groups, I can see both sides’ arguments.  I think all girls should love their bodies; I think all girls should be healthy both mentally and physically.  Obviously, we all know being morbidly obese is bad for your health.  I am not saying that fat shamming is okay, because it is not.  However, it is also not ok for them to sit back say they are “healthy” and, “real women have curves.”  The songs *Anaconda* by Nicky Minaj, and *All About That Bass* by Meghan Trainor both refer to ”skinny bitches”.  Why is it that skinny girls are bitches?  Is this the “thin privilege” that article was referring to?  The reality is normal stores (i.e.: Bluenotes, Artizia, Garage, etc…) carry ‘normal’ sizes.  Pant sizes up to size twelve, and shirt sizes to XL.  Anything larger or smaller is not carried not to discriminate, but because it is an extremely niche market.  If those clothes will not be sold as fast as the other sizes, the company will lose money.  That is not thin privilege.  That is companies trying to profit.^2  Everyone should love his or her body, but everyone should also be healthy, daily exercise and eat properly.  Not only would that lead to a longer life, but that would also lead to an appropriately sized body for your bone structure.  So I am not saying, “everyone work out and eat well until you’re a size 00.”  Even if I killed myself everyday in the gym and followed strict diet plans, I would never be that size.  Nevertheless, I would be healthy and the ideal size for my body.  So, love your curves, or love your lack of curves.  Nevertheless, be healthy; do not shame other people for being skinny or larger; worry about yourself.

*- - - Endnotes - - -*

^1 I feel like the majority of the people who agree with the critiqued article do not even have a clear understanding of what this means.  For argument sake, lets say thin means that someone has a low body fat count of anything under 20%.

^2 To be honest, because of having such an average size I rarely find my size because it is always gone.