The Church, I've Lost Faith.

If I set you a challenge to bore a teenager as much as possible by simply repeating three words, you would probably come up with something like “maths, homework, and quantum physics”. However, you would be wrong. Whilst those three topics probably wouldn’t be found at the top of your average teenager’s search history, they are surpassed by a group of words which can lull even the most tolerant and obedient teenager into a deep, deep slumber. I am, of course, talking about words such as “Church, Christianity, and Jesus”.  What is it about them? Perhaps it’s images of a musty book sale, with watery tea and slightly soft biscuits being served, perhaps its memories of an elderly man, blocked out of sight by a large stone pillar mumbling about the bread of Christ, or perhaps it’s the fact that it is quite simply very, very boring.
The truth is, the church is actually not a bad idea, if someone were to approach you in the street suggesting a free centre for your community which cared for the homeless, offered advice for the troubled, and support for the lonely, whilst guaranteeing you a place in a sort of divine equivalent to the playboy mansion, would you say no? Probably not. Yet in reality, with all that available to us, 84 million of us do say no, and god knows why.

For some, it’s the misery associated with sitting through an hour long monologue lead by a man in a white cape; for others, it’s the thought of having to spend time with the regulars churchgoers, a disastrous mix of the elderly, the miserable and the lonely; but for some, myself included, it’s the fact that the church seem incapable of practising what they preach.

It’s like they’re trying to break their own rules. If they’re not being accused of being paedophiles, they’re busy being sexist. Or, if they’re feeling really controversial, they go on 31 million euro spending sprees. I can only assume Bishop Franz-Peter was feeling pretty controversial when he decided to do just that… on refurbishing his house.  12,000 euro’s on a bath, 25000 euros on a table, and perhaps most ironically of all, 2.9 million on a private chapel dedicated to saint August, the saint of frugality. Then there’s the church’s various attempts to modernise itself such as the church finder app, which, rather than directing me to the church clearly visible from my window, provided me with a nicely highlighted route to the nearby town of Desborough; home to the recently demolished all saints church.

It comes down to the basic fact that you can’t teach an old dog new tricks, and the church, alongside with Christianity is one old, old dog. They’re still stuck in the glory days of church, a time where they could extort money, accumulate wealth and squander fortunes without anyone blinking an eyelid, but sadly that time has passed, the collective eyelid has been blinked, and the game is up.

It’s not that they’re no longer needed, far from it. if anything we need the church and their all knowing all loving and all powerful founding father more than ever, we just can’t bring ourselves to sit through the half hour services we need to get it and to be fair why should we? The moral dictatorship that the church offers just isn’t appealing to the general public, we may need moral guidelines, but we don’t need the threat of eternal torture if we can’t live up to them at all time. 

What we need is a refreshing break from vaulted ceilings and golden crosses, a pause to reflect on something other than what we have done wrong, a church without the “church”.

RW
