Android Phones

Now, after 2 years, my Nexus4 is a little bit slow and the battery is near death. So i look for a new phone. And i want a Android Device too. Windows and IPhone are no options for me. 
What i want: a Phone, not bigger than the Nexus 4, Display max 4.7'', Great Power (Not midrange or low level) and a clean Android without any Company modification.
I walk into divers Stores and playing around with the Devices. A few time later i realize: There is no Phone i like! 
1. What the hell going on with the Displays? 5'', 6'' are you kidding me? I search a Phone and not a Tablet. I need to put the Device in my jacket or pants. But with this boards i need bigger bags. 
2. Oh look, there are phones i a useable size. But this devices are slow and old. It runs an old Android version and the power is ridiculous.
3. What the hell do this Companys with Android? Every single device looks (the Software) shitty. From Samsung with the Gamma-Green Icons and a font like ComicSans to HTC with the Sense-Shit and Sony with her thing that name i cant remember. Why you doing this? Android looks great and it feels smooth and all is good. But no, we need to install a disastrous overlay that looks terrible and is jerky to use. 
And last but not least i found three Devices that commes to the final choice:
1. Samsung Galaxy Alpha: 4.7'', great Power and a good Camera -&gt; The main Prolbem with the Softwaredesign and the back Button is on the wrong place (WTF why??????)
2. Sony Z3 Compact: 4.6'', great Power and it waterproof -&gt; The Hardwarebuttons are a little bit strange and the same Problem with the Software
3. HTC One mini 2: 4.5'', great Design and good Sound -&gt; The Device is too Big for the Display, the Power Button is on top and the cpu is not over the top.

There are many Android Devices in every store, but nothing for me. Is it so heavy to make a simple tiny Phone? Why need every Company her own Software? And why in the name of God buy everybody this Shit? And why need Google a 6'' Nexus Phone? I waitet for the Nexus 6 but a 6'' board? Really?

At the Moment i think the Sony is the next Device. So long i found a better solution.
