Get the fuck off Reddit, and go tell that person you have feelings for them you worthless monkey.

Listen here you degenerate shits. I've spent a lot of time being bored. Wishing that some unnaturally perfect and flawless girl would just fucking walk up to me and tell me all the things they tell me when I'm dreaming.

But guess what. That shit doesn't happen.

"Good things come to those who wait."

Oh really? Well the girl I've been in love with for almost five years that I've been waiting for something to just happen is now marrying another guy. Turns out, she was head over heels for me when we first met. She fucking loved me. And what did I do? I FUCKING WAITED LIKE A GODDAMN PANSY ASS LITTLE BEEYACH.

So now what am I doing? I'm sitting here, single as fuck with my flaccid dick in my hand because I was too much of a worthless quivering pussy to tell her "Hey, wanna see a movie sometime?" THAT'S ONE FUCKING SENTENCE. WAS THAT SO GODDAMN HARD? NO!

"But it'll make things awkward if she says no."

WHO. THE FUCK. CARES. Would you rather spend five years hopelessly in love and end up alone in the end? Do you want to eternally despise your shitty decisions for the rest of your life? Do you want to become a goddamn hermit and live in a cave?

So learn from my shitty mistakes. Go out and and meet whoever the fuck you want. Too much of a fearful bitch to do it in person? FUCK IT. JUST THROW A TEXT OUT THERE. HELL, A FUCKING FACEBOOK MESSAGE IS BETTER THAN MASTURBATING TO HENTAI PORN ALL DAY. Do you want to envy the guys/girls who can just walk up to a guy/girl and introduce themselves for the rest of your life, or do you want to be that confident alpha "steal yo bitch" motherfucker that everyone else wishes they could be?

Moral of the story? Don't be a bitch. Don't cry in your bed because you're forever alone and it's the world's fault that you can't say hi to someone you don't know. GO THE FUCK OUTSIDE, FIND A CUTE GIRL OR GUY, SMILE, AND SAY HI. You don't need their shitty phone number. You don't even need to make it past hi. Just fucking do it. You'll feel better about yourself, doors will be swinging themselves open so violently that they've been diagnosed with epilepsy, and you'll be happy. HEAR THAT WORD? HAPPY? YEAH, IT'S FUCKING GREAT.

That's what all life is about. Being happy. If you're not happy, fucking change something. Go do something about it. Be the person you've always dreamed of being.

So listen up, and listen good you despicable primate. Pick up your goddamn, overpriced smartphone, find that amazing person you get butterflies around, and tell them that you have feelings for them. If you don't, you'll regret it. And I will laugh in your beautiful cunt face because you missed that chance just like me and I could use that laugh more than anything right now.

AND LASTLY. If you did exactly that. If you walked up to that sweet boo thang with that cocky little bitch smile of yours and got your dream guy/girl, then laugh in my beautiful cunt face and be proud of yourself. 