I'm sorry I'm not sick enough.

I have a crazy rare disease. I'm pretty open about it, primarily because it's so crazy rare but also because I'm currently getting insurance disability payment and have been out of work the entire year. It's not like I'm fooling anyone if I wanted to try to hide it. 

Untreated, Cushing's Disease is lethal. While I have been treated, none of it has worked so it's the equivalent of non-treatment. So far I've had neurosurgery, which had a ~65% chance of working, a bilateral adrenalectomy which had a ~99% shot of working,  and two exploratory surgeries with unknown chances of success. 

The stupid things my friends say are bad enough to make me want to be antisocial. The last gem was, "Why are you having so many surgeries? If they're not working, why not just stop?" As a concept, the question seems legitimate, but I explained before my last surgery that I was doing this because without a cure I die. My response to this fantastic question, "Because I like being among the living." 

My response from friends has been varied but for the most part no one wants to talk about it and I've had to travel to my last two surgeries alone. 

I also get, "Well, it could be worse, you could have cancer," a lot! Well, I'm sorry that my deadly disease isn't bad enough. 

The cancer thing comes up a lot. I have to be on COBRA, even though I'm poor as shit, because it's the only health insurance available to me that will provide out-of-state care. I've looked for help paying medical bills because only one hospital has a charity care program and the only organizations I can find help only -- you guessed it! -- cancer patients! Then one day I was watching late night TV in my hotel after surgery and I saw a commercial for an organization that helped women with diseases that impacted their appearance learn to accommodate for it with cosmetics. I thought that would be fantastic! I'm only 27 but my skin is very thin, I bruise easily, days when my cortisol is ridiculously high I can't sleep but maybe an hour or two when I'm lucky so I have that "I have lots of bruises and haven't slept in a while"-crack addict appearance, my face is round and my hair is thinning. I would love to know how to cover this up, at least a little bit. ...but this organization, as I later found out on the commercial -- only for cancer patients! 

I swear, if I got breast cancer and lopped off a boob I'd be a hero. (Not that I'm trying to make light of breast cancer -- untreated it, too, is a deadly disease.) My disease just makes me a whiner. 

I'm really not a whiner, though, and I hate being classified as such. I didn't complain throughout this entire process. I've accepted it and rolled with the punches. I figure that being upset won't change anything but now I just don't give a shit; I'll be upset if I damned well want to. 

Sorry, my fellow Redditors for my crazy, insane rant. 