Everyone I know is having children, and I'm pissed I'm the only one who doesn't care about kids.

First off I'm not mad that all my friends and family are having children; because if it makes them happy then that's all that matters. To be honest this is kind of a selfish rant; but I think we are all entitled to come off selfish if something effects the quality of your life. 

Basically one of my best friends is about to have a kid; my 22 year old cousin wants a baby, and my best friend is interested in the idea. Here's why it pisses me off: 
 They are all 25 years old or younger, still live at home, and none of them make more than 20k a year. They will barely be able to afford a child; but not only that...why would they choose to have one when they don't even have their careers planned out or atleast a decent job? If you make a good income, have been living on your own without financial issues, and you want a baby...then that makes 10x more sense.  

Besides the logical reasons they shouldn't have kids; I can't separate my distaste for kids from my relationship with them. Now when they have kids; I'm not going to see them as often because they will be working 60 hours a week just to support a kid on their shitty jobs. What kind of life is that? Your social life becomes non-existent, you end up working more, and any free time you actually have is likely to be spent with the kid. It's basically like saying "See you later friend".   

I can't just accept the "This is adult life, get used to it" argument because what I'm seeing them do is throw their life away--but to them it's somehow a step towards happiness. It's just frustrating to say the least. 

The most selfish part I guess is that I'm mad/depressed I'll be alone.  I have a girlfriend that I'm going to marry eventually but the way things are looking I will just be spending all my social time with her from now on and friends will be a thing of the past. It sucks, and it doesn't need to suck, you know? If only more people had zero interest in kids, but it seems most people think they are the greatest thing to achieve as an adult. 


