"I have nothing to say about this"

I get that you don't have to have an opinion on everything, that we don't all share an interest in certain topics but I can't stand how some people I know have the audacity to interject in conversations with "Well, *this* is boring, I don't have anything to say about it because it's such a dull topic, can we talk about something else?". What the fuck? How is this acceptable?

If a little group is sat talking and you want to join in but have nothing to say, have you considered saying nothing until we move on? We don't HAVE to include you in a conversation if we don't want to. You don't HAVE to talk to us if you don't share the same interests. But yet there you are, interrupting an interesting conversation with an awkward laugh and a "guys, come on let's talk about something else because this is, like, really boring me now..."

It's a hugely self centred thing to do. It also sucks because inevitably we'll have to talk about some TV show or our course or whatever, just to make you happy. The conversation dies off because no one is really that interested in that topic that YOU have dictated more worthy and we all feel a bit deflated.

I can't believe how often this is happening. I've started to speak up a bit and people around me are doing similar, thank god. Why did I leave it so long? I fucking know that I can't do anything about ebola or cure cancer or whatever, all I want to do is have a stimulating conversation and hear about what people think about that kind of thing. 

I don't always like having superficial conversations. It's not our problem that you don't know about these things, if you're not interested fair enough. But just because you don't want to talk about politics or something, it doesn't mean that it's dull, it just means that it doesn't interest you personally. 

And whilst we're on the topic, don't interject and make personal attacks about how we shouldn't talk about it all because "we don't know enough". Well, where the hell else are people meant to start? I'm sorry that I'm not a priest or the prime minister, that I don't hold doctorates in economics or medical science, but that doesn't mean that I can't still have a prod around the topic because it's interesting. 

We ask questions and share ideas so that we can learn and become more well rounded people. We also learn to listen better. If that doesn't interest you, then move the fuck on and go talk about your house party with someone who gives a fuck. 