the religious are hypocrites!

Now, read this before you decide to spew ignorance. 

Over the last few days I have been lurking around and just kind of getting a feel of the reddit community... I've noticed that there are a lot of christians (just from noticing, not picking on anyone in specific) that are complaining about atheists wanting to revoke their right to religious freedom. 

Here's my take and opinion on it and if you don't like it well....sorry but I'm out of cookies to soothe your butthurt emotions. Anyone can believe ,or not believe, in whatever the hell they want to. Want to think Santa is real? Cool , go for it. Want to think that animals can talk? Well, you'll probably be put into mental health care but sure...go for it. Here's this though...your beliefs are about as important to atheists as much as an ant at the bottom of my shoe matters to me. 

I, as a nonbeliever, don't care what you believe in but I do think you should leave your religion to yourself and leave your religious babble at home. I don't think churches should be funded, or exempt from taxes simply because its a religious building. There are many other uses that building could stand for! On top of this....christians, mainly, will sit there and talk about being opressed yet they'll stand on street corners and in front of abortion clinics holding signs telling people they're going to go to hell and that they're murderers and shouldn't be allowed to do what they're doing..

Fucking hypocritical. All I have to say is shut your fucking mouthes when it comes to you all being oppressed when you're being bullies EVERY DAY by making someone feel like shit for their person choice that they have the RIGHT to. If you don't want to be bullied by people who support abortion then stop complaining about people trying to shut away your religion. You're NO better than someone who gets an abortion performed. Hell, if anything you're showing your ignorance on the topic and you're also creating a negative light for the christians out there who actually love *like they're suppose to* unconditionally.