My roommate doesn't understand that a cat isn't just another fucking piece of furniture

My roommate and I got a cat with the agreement that he would be largely taking care of him(the cat), but now I realize that my roommate isn't even competent enough to take care of himself. All he does is lay around all day and do dabs in our room. I would have no problem with that, except that now he has a real live animal to take care of in our tiny ass room. So every time I try and tell him that to needs to make it so our place doesn't smell like cat shit he cleans it up all on an Adderall binge and says that everything will be different. But sure enough a week later he's past out at 3:00 PM and the whole room is a fucking disaster filled with seedy ass people who leech off his weed and pissed off cat that just wants to go outside.  But can the cat go outside? No because we live in a no animal building and it's more important to my roommate that we have a super cool place with a cool cat than it is to, I don't know, humanely treat a living animal. Oh and now my roommate is leaving for the weekend and I'm supposed to be here, taking care of the cat. But I can tell that the only real way to take care of it is to give it back to the humane society and that he's bored af  just hanging out alone in the room all day. 

Also the cat is on my name, so if we get caught with it, I'm in deep shit. But if I transfer the cat to my roommates name then I also relinquish my ability to save the cat by taking him to a better home. So if I just give the cat back now, I'm an asshole to all of our friends and violated my roommates trust of me, but if I don't I'm being cruel to the cat by forcing it to live in a tiny fucking room for the next year. Oh and what happens on thanksgiving when we both leave? I'm probably supposed to take care of the cat because I live in state and my roommate is use to having daddy take care of everything for h ik m so he won't do jack shit

TL;DR Roommate got a 12 year old cat for our dorm room, I realized it's a terrible idea but can't take the cat back  without seeming like the devil incarnate to all my stupid fucking friends.