I should have listened to my dad...

Back in February I accepted a job. It was a little bit of a pay cut, but it was a lot closer to where I lived, the hours were better and the place I was working was in the process of being sold to a competitor. It was also in an industry that is pretty well known for paying well. Well, apparently this job is a lie. I was hired in hopes of being an Executive Assistant. That is the job I want, that is the job I interviewed for. Except when I got here I was told they loved my in my interview so much they were going to promote me to a trader. I have no experience for this. They trained me. Which means they handed me a script a list of numbers and told me to cold call. 

I should say before I continue that when I was given my offer letter I did negotiate a higher salary, but it was still a pay cut. I did negotiate that the health insurance (which is listed as being offered after 6 months) be offered after 3 which is standard, they gave that to me. I then asked about the bonuses which would have evened out the salary and I was told that the boss was generous and that the bonuses were performance based.

Ok so now I start here and I'm working as a telemarketer for a company that apparently has no executive assistant position, they listed out the job ad that way for a reason. They had no intentions of hiring me for an EA position. That's fine, I'm an analyst now, that's cool, right? Except I'm barely making over 40k and the average analyst salary is 80k+. But, it's fine because I work for an investment type firm, the bonus should make up for that.

Except about a week ago I got confirmation from our accounting person that there won't be any bonuses, for anyone. It's not that times are tough or anything, she said she looked through the books over the past 5 years and no one has ever gotten a bonus. Ever. I confirmed that with a co-worker of mine. 

Ok that was disappointing, we take a lot of abuse here from him. He's a diabetic that doesn't watch his numbers so he tends to have outbursts that can sometimes be viewed as abusive (ie. called a coworker a "fucking idiot" because he misread a calendar date and thought coworker screwed something up. He didn't) There's only 6 of us here, it wouldn't kill anyone to throw us a bonus. 

However, that's not the worst part.

At this point our health insurance is split 55/45 which means we have a really expensive insurance plan with a $1,000 deductible. Which, I actually had to pay when I had a small cancer scar a few weeks back.  And a 401k with matching up to 15% (you had to be here 6 months and a day to qualify).

At 6 months I signed up for the 401k, I only put in 3% because like I said, I barely make over 40k. 

Today he was only the phone looking for ways to dissolve his obligations to our health insurance (he wants to get rid of it all together) and how he can get out of matching on our 401ks.

It's now the end of the year, we all took pay cuts to get here, there is an insane amount of turn over (seriously no one here has been here longer than a year and a half) and he's now taking away the only perk we have, our health insurance.

I should have listened to my dad and turned down the job offer.

TLDR: Boss got me to join company with promises, lied about the position and is now slowly removing all benefits.