A rant about disrespect and judgments based on appearance x-post from r/exmolife

I thought about creating a throwaway for this, but I consider the members of this sub to be my friends, so I don't care who knows this shit. I do, however, need to choose my words carefully.

There is a problem in the US with judgment based on appearance. I figured that many of you could relate to this, as it was a major issue for me in the church. I never looked the part of the good Mormon boy (like a missionary). Even during my very short mission (sent home from MTC medically, should never have been allowed to go), I was told my hair was too short.

The issue that I have been having of late is that numerous people have been judging my character, my history, and seemingly my intelligence based on my appearance. This wouldn't be an issue except the ignorant fucks that participate in these snap judgments have no fucking clue who I am, where I've been, or who I am now.

To help you understand, I am a 31 year old, disabled, long-haired guitarist. I wear shorts year-round. I wear mostly heavy metal band or guitar brand t-shirts year-round. I only mention my disability because I sometimes have to use a cane or wheelchair and one of my disabling conditions determines what kind of clothing I can wear safely.

Let's go deeper. I have been a professional musician since my first paying gig when I was 15. That aspect of my life is very important to me. That explains the nature of the t-shirts. I also entered service with the US government as a contractor with little pay and no benefits (and eventually working pro-bono). I served silently for 14 years. During this time, I saw shit, I did shit, and I learned shit.

I was given some special taskings due to skills I had developed as a youth. I was a competitive shooter. I was trained in Krav Maga, Tang Soo Do, Muay Thai, and Brazilian Jiu Jutsu. I was also quite good at spotting discrepancies, threats, and getting information from people without said people knowing they had told me anything. Also skilled with a lock-pick, good at moving quietly, and a very patient observer. How I got some of these skills is beyond the scope of this rant, but the bottom line is that because I was good at shit, I was asked to do shit.

In the course of my un-paid and unofficial service (plausible deniability is great), I received some unique injuries. These led me to be diagnosed with Acquired Syringomyelia, a very rare spinal cord problem where Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) flows through a cyst on the spinal cord. Due to the cyst (called a Syrinx), the CSF begins to bore a hole in the spinal cord. Symptoms are never the same for any two people, but for me, my body temperature doesn't regulate itself, I go numb randomly in some extremities, and I have pretty bad tremors in my hands and sometimes legs. I also picked up a healthy dose of PTSD.

I did not serve my country for glory. I served my country for no compensation because it was the right fucking thing to do. I don't usually talk about it, even with my wife, because it's not what defines my personality. Even if I wanted to, there are still iron-clad non-disclosure agreements that would put me in a federal penitentiary for numerous life sentences if I slipped up and said the wrong thing.

This leads me to the judgments on my appearance. I don't look like much. I don't even think I look dangerous, which is part of what made me successful in my service. I have to wear the clothes I wear because anything heavier could literally give me heat-stroke and kill me. Thus, I am unwelcome at formal events because it's dangerous to wear fucking long pants. I do not understand why people have felt like it would be a good idea to fuck with me recently. Here are a few incidents from the recent past that illustrate my point.

I was almost t-boned while driving because a teenage girl didn't understand how traffic lights work. Her male companion was a reasonable person, though. Both cars came to a stop to avoid a collision. I had my window down and could hear her yelling about how she was going to beat the shit out of me. She even began to take off her seat belt to get out of the car. Her companion was begging her not to do that, and he was right to do so. It is entirely possible that the non-threatening long-hair in the compact car had the privilege of cleaning a fellow contractor off of him in some shit hole because of an ambush that started the very same way. It is also entirely possible that the former contractor does not like this memory and that if you step out of the car, he will do the same. One of the major things that we helped people learn is how to neutralize a threat as quickly as possible. Backing me into a corner and threatening me in the same situation that killed someone in my past is not a good idea.

How about this one. For a few years, I thrived on "combat high". Adrenaline can become a way of life. While walking through a store, some entitled ass knocks me into a display. The whole thing crashes down and when something from the display slides across the floor, it makes the exact sound of an AK having a round chambered. This does not make me happy. Does the entitled ass apologize? Nope. Do they look at me with disgust and chuckle? Yep. Do they make a comment that sounds an awful lot like "fucking retard" because I have my cane? They sure do. I am glad that I can remain calm in stressful situations. Thanks, combat high! Does the ass realize how close they came to having a real situation on their hands? Not at all.

One more. An individual makes a rude comment to a Vietnam veteran. The vet does not take kindly to being called a baby killer. How does this shit even happen in 2014? Anyway, the vet mentions that he fought for this individual's freedom. As a draftee, the vet responded to the call of his nation. Well, the jackass hippie does not like service members of any kind. War is never the answer. The hippie turns to me and says, "Can you believe this piece of shit? He was dumb enough to answer the draft notice! He murdered women and children! Even you wouldn't be stupid enough to do that!". Wrong move. A tear comes to the elderly veteran's eye and full rage mode is engaged. I proceed to ask the hippie if he's ever been shot at by a woman or child. I have. Has he ever seen a woman use her infant as part of a suicide bomb? I have. Has he ever lied to a friend while he bled out in your hands because there was no way medevac could get there in time? I have. How many of your friends are unnamed fucking stars on the wall at Langley? How many of your friends have even lifted a fucking finger in service to their nation? Have you ever dug shotgun pellets out of your face with a combat knife because the guy covering the other side of the room got fucking fragged on entry? Have you ever performed your own surgery because you were injured stopping the kind of disgusting mother fucker that would make Josef Mengele vomit? How many of your own stitches have you done? And for the last question, how would you like to find out what it's like to be in a coma? The hippie just walked away. I shouldn't have let him, but I did. This event happened just after a dear friend I served with who was also a Vietnam vet passed away. The vet in the story completely broke down and I hugged him for a solid half-hour while he fucking sobbed because this piece of shit felt it was acceptable to harass a man who had given his youth to his country and been spat on because of it.

I do not look like much. I don't claim to be anything special. I am a human being trying to enjoy a happy life like everyone else on this fucking planet. However, I am getting very tired of the ungrateful shits who have no idea what has been sacrificed on their behalf mouthing off. If a person lives in the US, they have the privilege of speaking English, enjoying Constitutionally protected rights (including the right to be a dick, I know), and they are not currently being ethnically cleansed because an awful lot of people were willing to write a check. That check is payable up to and including their lives. I wrote that check and lived. Millions more wrote the same check and did not live.

I am not bitter that my service will never be recognized by the government. I am not upset that I was disabled by my service. I am one of the lucky ones. I still have all my limbs, my skin, and my senses. I am upset by people who judge people based on appearance. I am upset by people who marginalize the service of others. I am not a hero. The real heroes are at the VA hospital. They can be found sitting fucking homeless in alleys. They are found in cemeteries. They can be spotted weeping for friends and loved ones at various memorials. They are Tier 1 and Tier 2 operators who must remain in the shadows. They are writing the check that says that if they don't come home, they have accepted that.

If you don't like service members, keep it to yourself. If you don't appreciate freedom, keep it to yourself.

If you think for even a second that you know the stranger next to you, you are wrong. They have faced different challenges. They may not be at all what they appear. They have had a different life than you. Above all, do not corner people. Do not threaten people. You don't know who can control their temper or their level of violence.

Congrats if you made it to the end. I know this was long and not related to Mormonism, but I appreciate anyone who has read this far. If you would like a bit of music that illustrates one or two of the points I discussed above, check out the music video for "Wrong Side of Heaven, Righteous Side of Hell" by Five Finger Death Punch. They understand a lot of this crap.

TL;DR - Don't judge a person on appearance. They might be fucked up inside and won't appreciate the shit they receive from ignorant assholes. They also may have protected your fucking freedom, so don't be a dick.

PS - My eternal gratitude goes out to those who serve both silently and in uniform. Your service is appreciated. RIP Jason, Larry, those who cannot be named, and those whose families may never know how they actually died. Eternal gratitude to POW/MIA folks as well.

Edit: I didn't say how old I was when I first started government work. I was 17.
Edit 2: This was originally posted on r/exmormon. That's why I mention that the members of the sub are my friends.