So Fucking Done With My Roommates.

I live with two females, a former best friend and the girl she replaced me with. They are now super besties. They constantly go out together, never inviting me to do shit, though I invite them everywhere. I'm constantly shut out and excluded from their bubble; no matter how many times I've asked to be included, or tried to become mutual friends. 

But that's just the beginning.

They are both loud as fuck. I work 6 days a week, and have to be out the door by 7AM. I haven't had a proper night's sleep in weeks, because they'll come home (together, of course), sit in the living room, and fucking shout/screech at eachother until 4AM. Most of the time, they'll yell over the TV which is, of course, also loud as fuck.
Oh, I've asked them (increasingly not so nicely) to tone the fuck down. They get defensive every single time.
But God forbid I sneeze too loudly when either of them are resting, though.

My former best friend is an electricity nazi, even though I pay the majority of the electric bill. If I leave the bathroom for one second to grab a hairtie or something, she yells at me to turn the light off. One time she passive aggressively walked INTO MY ROOM while I was sleeping, to shut off the AC. It was 102 degrees that day.
BUT THIS BITCH FALLS ASLEEP WITH THE TV ON EVERY NIGHT. 

She will not sleep in her own fucking room (which they both share). I am so god damned tired of finding her passed out in the living room every. single. day. 
And of course I get bitched at for making noise in our SHARED LIVING SPACE while she is there. I don't know what her fucking problem with her bed is, but she won't sleep in it. 
When I leave for work, she's sleeping on the couch.
When I come home, she's sleeping on the couch.
When I want to play Xbox, she's sleeping on the couch.
When I go to bed, she's still there on the couch.
So I threw out my couch, and now she SLEEPS ON THE FUCKING LIVING ROOM FLOOR EVERY. NIGHT. 
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOUR BED IN YOUR ROOM?!

Also, these girls are just flat out disgusting. Dishes pile up at the speed of light, and the trash sits there for days. Their shit is piled everywhere. No matter how many times I ask, they won't do a damn thing. I usually wind up cleaning up after them.
I am barely home because of work, while they literally sit around all day in filth.

I can't live like this. I'm at my limit.