I miss my dog

You died a year ago. You were only 7. I'm unemployed and the house is so empty without you. I'm really lonely without you. Sometimes I look over to the couch and expect to see you flopped on it. I feel guilty when I realise I haven't thought about you for a while. I don't cry often but I cry for you sometimes. 

I wish I stayed with you longer the night you collapsed. Dad woke me up the next morning to say you had to be put down and I never got to say bye. I hate death. I wish I took you to the park more even though you dragged me around and it was stressful. I wish I gave you more treats and I wish I never scared you that time or the times I would get angry and you'd cower away. I would feel so guilty. I never hit you but I wasn't perfect either. I wish I gave you more attention and love. You were loved and spoiled but not enough. 

You were such a good dog. Even though you were big you were so innocent and caring. You never bit anyone or anything. You loved everyone and would get excited about everyone. You were so popular and everyone loved you. Everyone loved Louis. I remember how I would laugh at how you would shit yourself at tiny little dogs and frogs and run away scared even though you're a big bear. I loved how you'd try to catch me out and trick me when I played with you. You were so clever for a dog. You never bit anyone or barked at anyone, you never had it in you to be aggressive. You were so big but yelped like a little bird with a really high squeak!! You were such a softy. I couldn't ask for a better dog. 

My mum is terminal and if this is how I feel with a dog then I'm really scared about how it will feel when she goes. I should call her more 

I wish I cuddled with you more and let you sleep in my bed even though you were too big and squished me. You were too young. I thought we'd have many more years. I would fantasise about bringing my husband home to meet you. I miss you so much. I love you and I hate death. I'll never forget you. You were my best friend.  