My Fucking Midterm was a Joke

You fucking tell us that the midterm will have questions from over 5 fucking chapters!! Each chapter is like 30 pages long and you didn't even tell us what the fuck will be on it. So of course, I read the damn 150 pages and for some reason in your head you believe we can remember 150 pages of information. Who the fuck can do that? 

I would assume the important concepts but NOPE. Man was I wrong! The online book has highlights and so I would assume the important parts should be noted down. So I make over 50 flash cards about all the important information and study and review it because nobody can fucking remember 150 pages of information. 

And what the fuck? The whole fucking midterm ONLY had 20 fucking questions all from 2 chapter!!!! Like WTF??? Why do you make us remember all this bullshit and give us the MOST obscure questions from barely even 3 chapters that weren't even important to fucking know??? Seriously. I didn't know what the fuck to look for. There was no review or what concepts to remember. Do you know how much is trying to read and remember 150 pages?? 

You might be thinking, the questions are random! You just got bad luck. Like really? At least ADD more questions!! 20?? Wtf is that?? You might think that I didn't study, but do you know how hard it is to study when you don't know what to study for? What will be on the midterm? He said questions from 5 chapters. NOPE it wasn't. 

So what the fuck was the point of me learning and answering homework questions about the eons and ages of earth, degree change to track time, the latitudes and longitudes, the earths seasons, convergences, plate boundaries, continental drift theory, sea floor spreading, isostasy, earths layers, waves, plate tectonics, sampling methods, deposition rates, continental features, sound techniques for ocean depth measurements, continental margins, water properties, covalent bonds, hydrogen bonds, polar molecule, state change and latent heats, attention, transfer of energy, specific heat and capacity, shore breezes, wind circulation, air composition, atmosphere structure, sea ice, and solar distribution and heat budget of earth when NONE OF THAT SHIT WAS ON THE MIDTERM. 

The only questions I got where about tide properties and wind properties. REALLY!!??????

Edit: why give us homework on important topics from chapters and not test us on that?