This is Western Media

http://news.sky.com/story/1352857/sixty-days-to-beat-ebola-united-nations-warns

This article is a perfect example of Western media. Check it out. "Sixty Days to Bear Ebola, United Nations Warns" Waaah??? 60 days? But what of Thanksgiving? 

So we start off in bold "or else the world faces an "unprecedented" situation for which there is no plan." Shit's going down. This is worse than a plague in Europe or Smallpox in the Americas. Anthony Banbury, the UN's deputy ebola coordinator says there is no precedent set for such a disease outbreak. 

So they go into some big death figures. Then projections of how many people will be infected per week by this 60 day period. Scary figures. Scary figures. Mr Banbury means business. We definitely need this guy fighting the good fight, 

Oh look. A video of ebola screening. Oh another video of ebola. Jeese four videos and all that story in I'm definitely worried and done reading the rest to get more worried, right? But let's finish anyways.

The World Health Organization's assistant director, Dr. Bruce Aylward gets a little love at the bottom of the page below four videos and 10 paragraph breaks. What scary news does the doc have for us?

"Some 95% of the cases are occurring in the same limited number of districts of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea which were affected a month ago" Oh... that's not scary. That sounds like good news really.

 "Dr Aylward said there were "positive" signs of a slow down in the rate of new cases in northern Liberia and Guinea, probably due to behaviour changes among the local population." Well, that's not scary at all! What the hell. Why is this way down here on the page? Wait... tucked underneath one last video is Dr. Aylward's final comments

"With a bit of change in the behaviour of populations, with some burials happening safely, with a little bit more case management and a couple of new centres opening, you are going to slow this down very quickly."


So, the assistant director of WHO tells Sky News (The UK equivalent to FOX News in the States- same Murdoch ownership/message) that while the numbers of infected are increasing, the outbreak area is not increasing as well. Also, that the outbreak can be controlled relatively easily. Then the Deputy ebola coordinator tells SKY News that the sky is falling and they are unprepared and need aid/assistance/$$$ ASAP. 

That makes totally makes sense why both say what they say. Dr. Aylward is a doctor, so he is obligated to basically say http://www.cdc.gov/vhf/ebola/transmission/ and is easily handled. Mr. Banbury, on the other hand, isn't going to talk about how ebola isn't easily transmitted. He needs money to pay for this project, so he comes out with the scare tactics to get it. Makes sense.

So Sky News gives us a completely alarming "The sky is falling" story highlighting the worst statements Banbury could make, then hides Dr. Aylward's "no, its going to be ok if we just take a few easy steps" message down two subtitles, gently nestled directly into links to other pages with no break between the two so they are easily mistaken as one thing- links. This way they can point to having both sides in the story if anyone calls bullshit. 

This is Western Media. End rant. 