BAN AMERICAN FIREARMS

I think all guns should be made illegal and BANNED NOW!! It’s really getting quite crazy out there with all these shootings, and I think it’s time to consider the ban of all guns. It really is time to consider banning Semi-Automatic Shotguns, and Rifles...and don’t forget about handguns either, I guess they cannot be used to kill people as easily? I’m so sick and tired of turning on the news and seeing more people killed by guns.....making all guns illegal would do many great things for the country.  It would definitely make things safer for the general public, crime rates would go down, and everyday citizens would not have to live in fear of them, nor be tempted to use them against other members of society in acts of rage! 
I personally would no longer have to worry about some idiot gunning me down while I’m sitting in my college classroom for one....While It is definitely true that people kill people, however it is also true that guns kill people...since we cannot yet deport gun owners nor deny them access into the United States, it only makes sense to place a ban on all gun sales and confiscate the rest from the public.  Ever since the columbine high school massacre there has been at least two dozen major shooting incidents concerning the general public with a member of the general public as the gunman.  As a people we obviously cannot handle the responsibility of gun ownership, and it’s time for the government to do something about it once and for all. 
I feel so sorry for those who have lost their lives due to tragic incidents which could have been avoided by simple government actions like the confiscation and banning of all firearms from the grasp of the general public. To me it makes no sense to wait for the next shooting to occur, leaving families broken hearted forever. The government should take swift actions to ban them quickly, but unfortunately I do not think that they will.  I at least hope every assault rifle is taken away very soon. And after the next shooting I hope more talks occur concerning shotguns, rifles and handguns, with the eventual end result being a ban on ALL GUNS!....I know us Liberals are eventually going to have our way with this, but I’m just pissed off its taking sooo looong!!! It’s stupid to take them all away so slowly while more innocent victims lose their lives.....ENOUGH IS ENOUGH....BAN ALL GUNS QUICKLY!....SHEW.....DEEP BREATH.....I’m done with my rant......If you’re not a liberal please don’t comment me back.
