Rant from a, always losing, reader.

I am a HUGE reader, I read every chance I get it. I also love history and mainly the mythological aspects of history, I hope to become an Archaeologist/Anthropologist. I found out an author who writes historical fiction, mixed with mythology of the culture, was having a small-scale seminar at my school so I decided to sign up.

I hadn't read her books yet but I will when I'm done with ASOIAF and The Road. I just wanted to discuss the historical/mythology aspects of her book so I decided to do some research. When I got to the presentation that was during one of my classes. I found out there was only three other people who had signed up (pretty sure one just wanted out of class). 

Before the presentation started the people in the room wrote their names on a piece of paper for a raffle that two people can win a signed copy of her book. I was very excited and happy since I don't have the money at the moment to buy my own copy. I remembered my LONG, LOOOONG history of losing, but realized I had 2/4 chance to win, I thought the odds were good enough.

Then the librarian announced that a class that dedicates itself to helping people learn what they want to do in life and how to help themselves get to what they want, was being forced to come to the presentation. I wouldn't have cared except they were forced into the raffle as well. I know none of them wanted to be here because that's the class I was supposed to be in and two weeks ago the teacher announced the Author and handed out permission slips, I was the only one to sign up. 

I, of course, had some friends in the class and bribed them to write my name on the slip. Some accepted, others are now on my list. 

The presentation was great, the author was funny, I asked a ton of questions about history/mythology and we discussed it. When the time came to pull out the two names (I was kind of nervous she would pull my name twice) one name was, gladly, an also huge reader. The other, well, if based on my reading skills and enjoyment of reading I am God, and he's the Antichrist.

Now I don't have a signed copy of the book and am in debt. I strongly believe that only the volunteers should have had a chance, the others HAD a chance and they didn't act on it. It pissed me off and I hate everything now.