Just getting a few things off my chest

Normally I don't mind my roommate but recently he's been pissing me off. We don't have a living room here, and my room is attached right to the kitchen. It's well and great that you have two friends from out of town staying here from the weekend, but you have the entire fucking basement to yourself to hang out in, why the fuck do you have to park your ass right outside my doorway and ramble on loudly for hours, not only blocking my doorway but randomly opening it and not allowing me to have any privacy whatsoever. And fuck off with your bullshit stories I can hear you telling, you exaggerate your entire life so much. Every time you talk you have to mention how your a musician or a graphic artist or photographer and etc etc blah blah, and make a pretty nice point of never mentioning I play music as well. It's all well and great you've got a basement to go down to so you can work on your music whenever you please, but it's pretty fucking distracting trying to practice an instrument with a group of people sitting five feet away blaring marijuana documentaries and fucking going on about bullshit you don't know anything about. Also fuck you for being shitty about me going out last night, I didn't want to go out Friday or Saturday but only did because it made you look better for your friends. It's not my fault you fucking sleep in until 2pm and leave them by themselves in this city they've never been in before. Naturally I have to deal with them while your lazy ass sleeps forever. So fuck off with your shitty attitude with me when I was out with you last night. Fuck it's hard to focus enough to even write this shit because your loud ass fucking voice is going off non-stop right fucking now. Just fuck off and leave me alone!

I don't know why you said you'd be down to date if you never want to see me or talk to me, I really don't understand. I'm not even upset, I'm just confused. Well that's a lie I'm a little upset; disappointed. You keep shutting me down saying you're too busy with school, but always seem to have time to go out on other nights. I wish I didn't even know that, but everything you fucking do is always on some kind of social media, I can't even help but know. I'm not trying to infer anything here, but why would you say you'd be into this if you're not? I'd rather not be strung along by somebody right now, it's not really what I need at this point in my life. I really like you and to be honest it seemed like you liked me too, it'd just be nice if you could be straight with me and not do what you're doing.

Fuck work, you're shitty bosses and shitty owners that don't know how to run a business. It'd be nice if you told me I wasn't working today before I got up at 5am and spent an hour and a half on subways and busses getting there. I can't wait to find somewhere else to work so I don't have to deal with your incompetence. How you manage to stay a functioning business I don't understand, considering half of you don't even do any work at all. And fuck you for trying to always get me to do the extra work because you know I work hard, let me do what I was hired to do and just fuck off.

I try to be a positive person and not focus on negatives, but fucking UGH life has just gotten me so frustrated/unhappy/unsatisfied these last few weeks.

Ugh. Fucking ugh.


Edit: [Oh, and this is for everyone who forgot my birthday. Which was every single one of you except for my family. ](http://awesomegifs.com/wp-content/uploads/middle-finger-rage-face.gif)