Things in my mind.

Since I’m unemployed and I’m currently out of school I have all day for me, myself and I. Now, my grandma moved with us for a couple of days, while my grandpa gets back from LA (vacations), I’ve been spending all-day-long with her. We go to the supermarket, we cook together, he watch movies together, we even nap together and that kinda rules. Im getting to know her and understand all her thoughts even tho I’ve been with her my entire life.
I guess you may know people just by knowing their name, where they work or what they do for a living, but im learning to go above and beyond people. and thats amazing. I love my grandma and my entire family so much. during these days we’ve been crying, laughing, hugging, we’ve been doing things we like to do together. Almost every night we play cards. 2 days ago I kicked her ass at the game we normally play, but today… It wasn’t my night, lets just say that. I get to understand that family is so important (despite “mom”, “dad” or “siblings”) family as people around you. Feeling loved, feeling at home. Do all those things you like to do. 
I actually share all my thoughts with her. I talk about my tattoos and my piercings. 3 years ago she was against all those things, but now she accepts them and she tries to give her opinion and respect everyone’s decisions. She’s fucking 67 years old. She’s the most catholic person I know. But my point is that we’re moving on, we try and we will resolve all the issues every family has. She was so nerve-racking at the time I told her about by future plans I want to start by January of next year. She said NO, I DONT AGREE when I was only starting to tell all the things I want to achieve in life. but now that we’ve spending time together, today finally she said to me: “Go for it, if it makes you happy, don’t waste your time and go”. 
I got her blessing and I broke down in tears of joy. 
The road is long, but today was a big improvement. I still have to figure a way to come out as the power bottom that I am, which I believe that’d be the most difficult thing I will ever do in my life. My grandpa and grandma are so loyal and so humble, and I LOVE THEM. But come out as a bisexual (95% gay - 5% straight) person wont be even close to easy. Sometimes I think I will never have the guts to do it, not for me, but for them. I don’t want them to feel they failed at rising a child this way. Im beyond happy with me and my sexual orientation, but I know for a fact that they will be disappointed. 
We’re going on a road trip this weekend and im so excited. Im looking forward to take a lot of pictures and get wasted outside my hometown (that i hate). Then we will have all these holidays, christmas, new years and ill be moving to Los Angeles, CA by Jan 3rd of 2015. JFC. 