Stop fucking insulting me and the work I do when I'm right in the fucking room with you. [Healthcare IT rant]

"This new system promised us so many things" you bitch and moan as I work to solve your goddamn billing issues. It's not the system's fault the users are functionally retarded. There's authorization problems in the new EMR software? Well, no shit sherlock. The problems were there in the old system too but the difference is that now *you can see the problems so we can correct them*. In the old system we'd find out about auth issues too late to fix them and we'd write off thousands of dollars. Now we can see how many units are left automatically instead of having to keep a goddamned spreadsheet.

You complain that there's limitations with the system like I'm not fucking aware of the limitations of the system or some shit. In case you've forgotten, I helped set it up. I am fucking aware of the problem areas. I also helped work on the old system and it made me want to kill myself, so maybe you shouldn't fucking go there. 

So you can shove the "I can't believe I thought the old system was bad" right up your ass because OUR MEDICAL RECORDS WERE FUCKING PAPER. CLAIMS WOULD PRINT WITH THE WRONG INSURANCES BECAUSE OF THE WAY YOU HAD TO SET UP BILLING PRIORITY. FIXING FUCKING ANYTHING REQUIRED DIGGING THROUGH YEARS OLD CONFIG FILES AND NOBODY FUCKING KNEW WHAT THEY DID OR WHY THINGS WERE SET UP THAT WAY.

Literally all the things you are bitching about are a result of people saying fuck the rules and being little shits about how they conduct themselves in the software, so don't get mad at me, get mad at the fucking retards making your job harder. Get mad at the guy who didn't check to see if he had an auth to do the service. Get mad at the fucker who assigned a service to a duplicate client that some ass put in the system because they couldn't be arsed to check to see if the client was already in there. Get mad at the pricks who do scheduling in the mobile app even after *explicitly being told a million times not to fucking schedule in the mobile app*.

I'm going to have to take a lunch break today to play Brawl, now, so I can take out my frustration in a constructive way instead of taking it out on Billing. I bet when I go you'll bitch and moan that I'm not at my desk to help you. Deal with it, it'll only be 30 minutes. You can survive.