Illuminati bullshit

Okay, first rant ever, and I'm using a throwaway account because people know who I am on my real one. I just really need to get this out of my system. I don't know why this pisses me off so much, but it does.

I used to think this illuminati thing was a joke, until someone I know started talking about it. He seriously believes in it. Anyway, on every fucking forum or in every other comment section, there is always this whining 3-year-old shouting "OMG LOOK AT 3:10 YOU CAN SEE THE ILLUMINATI!!!" "LOOK AT 2:46, THE NUMBER 7, IT'S ILLUMINATI". Listen to me, asshat, the three arguments people use mostly for calling something illuminati is complete, 500% bullshit. The numeric symbolism, for example. Obviously, if you connect half the existing numbers to illuminati, you're going to see them everywhere. And the eyes... Nearly every single fucking organism has eyes. No fucking shit that eyes are going to be in places.

But jesus christ, the triangles. Always the fucking triangles. Get this, dumbass, IF YOU CONNECT ANY THREE POINTS WITH EACH OTHER USING LINES, THEY'RE GOING TO FORM EITHER A LINE OR A TRIANGLE. Is it that difficult to understand that shapes are everywhere? I feel like a motherfucking kindergarten teacher everytime I need to tell someone that triangles are natural shapes. They are literally everywhere.

But finally, the logic. Or should I say, the absence of it. Why the fuck would Kanye West or some stupid shit like him make a deal with the devil to lure people into commiting your "sins". WHY!? I have yet to meet somebody who can logically explain to me why some famous person would do that. It doesn't help that I think religious stories are similar to children's bedtime stories. Yes, they're beautiful, but they're stories. That's it. 

I am so tired of people saying these things. Maybe they just need attention, or maybe they really think that they're helping someone by "protecting" them. Either way, back the fuck off. 

Fucking god tittyfuck shit.

tl;dr Illuminati believers: Your age &gt; your IQ.