You're a fucking idiot who doesn't understand how dating is supposed to work.

It's been over two months since I last saw you. You haven't replied in five days. The lasts texts you sent to me included the phrases "I love you" and "my love". You do NOT get to fucking call me my love and tell me you love me if you don't make the effort to talk to me, let alone see me. Do you think I'm stupid? Do you think I'm just going to wait for you forever? You're going to tell me that I'm being mean and not understanding and heartless maybe, but I don't fucking care. I know you're going through deep shit in your life, but you also told me you needed me there to help you heal just like you helped me heal. Well fuck you, because now I'm all emotionally available and LONELY AS SHIT BECAUSE YOU WON'T TALK TO ME. I've postponed a total of two dates, one of those only by a couple hours, and outright canceled zero. You've postponed none, but I've lost count of how many times you've canceled or just downright not shown up without telling me! You got soooooo hurt when I postponed our first date. How the FUCK do you think I feel?? You're a piece of shit who thinks his feelings matter above all else. So screw you, you can kiss my ass good bye, and if you want me back you're going to have to work extremely hard and it will take forever. Are you even going to try, since you are shipping to basic in like three months? WHICH, BY THE WAY, YOU WANTED TO MARRY ME SO YOU COULD BRING ME ALONG FOR THE SECOND HALF OF IT. Never mind that I need to finish my education and get my career started, it's all about you!

I'm texting you this in two days, which will be exactly a week since I last heard from you (also, coincidentally, the date you completely fucking blew me off for), except I will of course be using nicer words and it probably won't be as long.

Edit: And of course, I'm going to severely miss you. For how badly you've acted, our dates are by far the best I've ever been on, and I will always remember diving away from the train and laughing our asses off. I will remember the way I kissed you under the ivy on our first date. I will remember you kissing me on the beach right outside your house. You were my dream guy, you just... stopped trying. I admit, I'm pretty sure you figured you could just stop after we slept together. I will miss you and miss what could have been (we would've been perfect together) so so much, I will miss the future you promised and the way you looked at me and the way you said I was perfect. I can't help but believe you and trust you, and my heart is saying YES. But my head is saying no. But my friends and family all dislike you. But you can't just not talk to me. I will not accept this. This week is the second (non-consecutive) week you've cut contact with me, and I can't go on like this. I'm sorry.