An open letter to parents taking their young kiddies to a haunted attraction.

Hey parents!

I am one of the actors at a very popular haunt in the Southeast U.S. We're pretty well-known, with hundreds of actors, crew members, and dozens of make-up artists that have been nationally recognized. We take all our jobs seriously, from the witches to the ticket booths to the people who fix the fog machines. I love having this job as it's extremely cathartic and everyone is constantly bringing their A-game. We all give 100%, screaming until our voices sound like the teenager from The Simpsons and holding 200-lb puppets in tight quarters until our biceps are physically throbbing. It's fun to scare everyone from sorority girls to cocky bros to big, black linebackers on our NFL team.

Outside of the haunt, I love being with children and taking care of them. I've always wanted to be a mom because of my love of nurturing and protecting kids. While I am financially and mentally in no shape to get pregnant now, I love playing with my friends' children and most definitely, comforting them when they are (easily) frightened. I remember being five-years old, watching "Night on Bald Mountain" and running to my grandmother in tears. Understandly, she covered my eyes or took me outside to comfort me (&amp; for her to light another cigarette). I was five and impressionable. Of course I was frightened by things I couldn't understand were fiction. 

Which brings me to my point, I see a lot of kids coming into the attraction. Some are *really* brave, sometimes laughing, and I can't help but love those little kids. But then you always see the ones who can't handle it. Crying, hiding under mom/dad's legs, screaming "I WANT TO GO HOME." It hurts me inside. Despite being in character as a ghoul, it's enough to make me want to scoop up those kids, run them to the exit, and give them some candy. 

When I see those kids, they are accompanied by laughing parents who are telling them to get over it and stop freaking out, it's only pretend, yada yada yada. That makes me see so much red. When you're a little kid, you're still understanding reality &amp; fiction. There are days where I get easily scared walking through the haunt with the LIGHTS ON.  For me, seeing you with crying children, not caring, or laughing makes me see you as less of a parent &amp; more of a selfish brat who happens to have children. These tickets ain't cheap. Probably more expensive than a babysitter for a couple of hours. 

If you want to go to a haunted attraction, go and have fun because you're an pre-teen/teen/adult who's aware that this is not real, that once the lights come up, the monsters &amp; ghouls take off their masks to smoke, go home, go back to normal life. If you can't afford a baby-sitter, don't take your fucking toddlers to something that is overbearing to the senses. Because therapy ain't cheap, definitely more expensive than those tickets.

**TL;DR - I want to cunt punt parents who take their toddlers to haunts and act surprise when they freak out**