Does Google ACTUALLY get feedback from REAL people about it's App UI? (hangouts, dialer, etc)

They're fucking HORRIBLE and getting worse with each update.

In hangouts on android, the "contacts" list, the dialer screen, an actual hang out, and the list of hangouts looks almost identical, half the time I have no clue where I am within the app and have to either focus for a few seconds, or just hit the "back" button to figure out if I'm in a hangout, looking at my contacts, or looking at a list of my active hangouts.

When you're in a hangout with someone, all you see is their name, no way to tell what "address" you're sending to.  Nor can you find it in your dialer app's contacts screen.

If you have a gvoice number associated, you can't pick which number you want to send from on the fly, it's either (let google choose) or use my carrier.  

Across the top (nav), the "dialer" button isn't really the dialer button, it brings up another "contacts" list of frequently called people, if you want to dial an actual number, you have to surface the "dialpad" by running your thumb to the opposite side of the screen and clicking a button that looks identical to the "dialer" button.  

Cohesiveness:  The stock android dialer app shows "frequent contacts" with 1 touch dialing (butt dial city) - but in hangouts, the dialer shows "call history" which is MUCH more useful than that stupid speed-dial / frequent / most popular contacts bullshit screen.    

The human brain is wired to quickly understand a list of history ordered by chronology.  Here's why:  

If you call your friend twice today, and your wife 3 times, then your wife will be on the top of your "frequent" list.  

But tomorrow, you might call your wife only twice, and your friend 3 times.  BUT, their order is switched in the list.  Nothing screams efficiency and simplicity like a fluid list that changes every time you look at it.  Whereas, a historical list (call history).. with prominent line breaks for each day is EASY to quickly comprehend, "my wife was the last person to call me, so she'll be right at the top".    or "the pool cleaner called me yesterday morning, so quick scroll to the line break (yesterday) and there it is.   

button position:  If screen sizes are getting larger and larger, WHY would youl redesign your apps so that the button that surfaces important data is in the FURTHEST possible place for a right handed user to reach?  (top left side of the screen).  

Open Google Maps, what's the first thing you're likely to do? (search for something to navigate to), but the search bar is on top, then the keyboard is on the bottom, then the maps settings/toggles are on the bottom left (hangouts, gmail, play music, play store, photos, google plus.... ALL on the top left.  

That's all for now. I love my android, and I love the google products, but who the FUCK is market testing this crap, and sometimes it seems like they make a change just for the sake of making a change, and like the fucking people who spend HOURS programming the look/feel of each app acts like they've NEVER used any of the other google apps, nor do they communicate among each other. 

/rant