Modern Feminism and Race-baiting will ruin the United States

Why do we allow feminism and race-baiting go unchecked in this country?  Feminist and race-baiters use out-dated or false statistics and information to propagate their lies and to push their objectives while we sit idle and either agree or disagree.  Why don't we disgrace these organizations and force them into hiding and inform the population about the truth.  Here are my views and I welcome discussion, from all angles.

Feminism:

Feminist will have you believe that the world is being ruined by men and men alone.  That all men are evil by nature and that all women are sane and well balanced.  They would like you to believe that women make less money than men for the same job... lets debunk this.  ONE:  its against the law for this to happen, there is NO way around this law unless you pay off the IRS who will enforce it.  The statistic they use for this is the combined annual totals of income of men and women.  They don't tell you that over half of the workforce is male.  Think about it, with some exceptions,  who builds home, who maintains streets and farms.  Bottom line is that there are A TON of work to be done, but women choose not to do some categories of it.  They want you to believe that only men rape.  They don't want to tell you that women on women and women on man rape is on the rise.  Yes,  vile mentally ill people rape the weak but you should hold the rest of a gender responsible for them.  That's like saying all Mexicans are illegals because a few of them are.  All blacks are criminals because a few of them are.  All whites are rich because a few of them are.  It's stupid.  Feminism is stupid.  They pick fights were their doesn't need to be any at all.  This society will find fault with anything then beg and cry for improvements the favor them and cause others to suffer.

Race-baiting

I'll keep this short because I hate the subject.  RACISM IS DIED.  It died a long time ago.  BUT YOU KEEP IT ALIVE BY RACE-BAITING.  Let's run this mental experiment.  Remove all views and and preconceived thoughts about each race.  Imagine a white kid, lets make him country.  Wears realtree clothing, is chewing tobacco and listening to country music.  From that alone lets make some views on them.  1: horrible tobacco habit, 2: likes to hunt, 3: listening to music about life, love and country hobbies.  Now an Asian kid, lets make him nerdy looking with glasses.  1:  bad eye sight, 2: no fashion sense... that's really it without knowing him.  Now a black kid (I don't believe in the PC term African American, some Africans are white (blew your mind) and most of these Americans have never been to Africa)... lets make this kid look urban.  1:  baggy shorts/pants that sag, 2:  Listening to rap song about shooting people, sex, drugs and "bitches", 3: speaks improper English.... so imagine these people with visual stereotypes but not with personality stereotypes.  You would have to get to know them to know who they are, right?  Now imagine them acting their stereotype.  Maybe they result could surprise you but usually it won't... people will act their stereotype.  Now which one is more evil or unjust?  NONE.  You can't blame anyone for another actions.  Every race can be racist.  Wake up, stop always thinking every thing is racist.  Look at the Zimmerman case, btw that guy's life is ruined.  A concerned homeowner in a gated community saw a stranger in his neighborhood walking in the middle of the night.  When he confronted the individual EVIDENCE points to a physical confrontation ending in a CCW individual exercising his right of self defense.  CASE CLOSED.  Here is what the media and Al Sharpton wanted you to see.  Zimmerman followed this kid cuz he's black, shot him, then self mutilated himself to make a false claim. WHAT BRINGS YOU TO CONCLUSION?!  It's idiotic and childish.  He makes SO MUCH MONEY off people doing this.  IT SHOULD BE ILLEGAL.  You never hear on nationwide news when a black kills a white.  Why?  The story won't sell, its just another story not filled with hate and emotion on a nationwide scale.
(said this would be short, sorry I ranted)

Am I the only one who feels like this?  I don't have any hate in my heart, not even for Muslims (even though I'm a veteran and lost brothers to them).  I don't live the the notion that all Muslims are terrorist.  Terrorist are Terrorist, racist are racist, and sexist are sexist.  THIS ARE ALL TWO WAY STREETS, IT GOES BOTH WAYS NOT ONE BECAUSE IT IS "NORMAL"...

lol I'm done for now, feel free to comment