You didn't take any responsibility for yourself so I'm the one to pay for it?

I booked the tickets flying to Budapest for myself and two of the roommates who I'm living with while studying abroad. One of them uses her middle name for her last name on social media so I plugged that one in for her ticket. At the airport they declined this ticket because her last name was not on it and she had to buy a whole new ticket plus baggage fees. I felt bad so I offered to pay for half of the fees which I think is fair if not generous. She thanked me. 

When we arrived back home from the trip, she told me that I should pay for **everything** because I messed up. Yes, I did mess up. I admit that. But she had weeks to look over the tickets. I confirmed booking the tickets with her. I sent her the online tickets that had all our names to her email. I even printed out her damn ticket which she didn't bother to see if everything was okay. She had so many chances to make sure everything was okay with HER ticket. She didn't take responsibility for herself so I'm the one to pay for it? I am not her mother, sister, or even a close friend (we are just studying abroad together), I have no obligation to make sure everything is perfect for her. In fact, she had a flight mess up a month ago when a friend of hers booked her ticket, didn't she learn to take care of her own shit after that fiasco?

She's strapped for cash whereas I am not, so I agreed to pay for everything because I'd rather get it passed us than make it awkward for me to live in this house for the next two months. However, she could have just started with "I really can't afford these fees" than to blame me for it and justify me paying for all the fees this way. I hope that she actually doesn't believe that I'm the only one to blame for this mess. She shouldn't live her life with this perspective because it'll just lead to blaming others and never realizing her part in her own mess. 

She's a good person but did a shitty thing to me today. 

Let me know what you think. 
