In response to the TIFU post about spilling a bottle of piss on a Macbook Pro......

As someone that worked for AppleCare for 2.5 years and completed two store rotations before quitting this last August I have to say that it was always people like you that made me want to scream in someone's face at the end of the day.

If you have a device that you know has been covered in piss or shit you don't fucking lie about it to the person taking the device apart.

I REPEAT.... YOU DON'T FUCKING GOD DAMN LIE ABOUT IT!

Why?

The technician that has to handle that piss soaked fucking thing is supposed to wear gloves and handle it via a special containment protocol. That's because piss and shit are not things that people go out of their way to touch. In fact, we kind of try to avoid it due to disease and illness that can result from such contact. Trust me, you are not the only person in that mall today with a piss soaked laptop or iPad.

So the table that you set it on is now infected for every other customer in the store. The tools need to be cleaned. The special expensive antistatic mats in the Genius Room probably need to be wiped down. That means that you created hours of work for the technicians. This in turn backs up the repair process. This creates long wait times. This means that people are angered by the long wait times. This means that you just inadvertently created a cluster fuck out of the entire 500-1000 person daily queue that an Apple Store usually services.

That's why you don't fucking lie when you drop your over priced, slave labor made electronics in piss and/or shit. You suck up the 10 seconds of embarrassment and be honest so that a string of other people don't have to deal with further complications on your behalf.

Trust me, the laptop has more than a few liquid damage indicators in it. We will know if it came into contact with excessive humidity, let alone a puddle of god damn piss. Electronics corrode, indicators change color, and diagnostics will fail. WE WILL BE ABLE TO FIGURE OUT YOUR STUPID ASS EXCUSE.

&lt;/rant&gt;