My fucking housemates. Why do I live here. Part 2.

A continuation from http://www.reddit.com/r/rant/comments/2jfr6y/my_fucking_housemates_why_do_i_live_here/

The third member of the house.

We will call him Greg.
Another person I didn't know before I moved in, he has been here for a year or so.

He is not in university which I was not aware of before I moved in and signed the contract. Dropped out twice due to depression. Now normally I have a soft spot for people like this, but his attitude and just lots of things about him has left me with very sour feelings toward him. He says he is better now and has a job. He is very unsociable makes 0 effort to talk to us, only when he comes out his room once a day to get food from the kitchen. He room is a fucking tip the last time i saw it and makes not effort in trying to clean the common areas.
So because he is not a student surprise surprise we have to pay council tax.... yeah a massive sum that I can't afford. 3/4 of us are students. This is a piss take. If he thinks I am paying an equal share of that he can fuck himself. He earns a decent sum of money that is almost 7x my student loan this year.

When I first moved in i could tell he had not been cleaning the house at all! Living in your own shit is fine, but common areas you have to make an effort to keep them clean!! If you were to bring a girl home would you let her see the state everything? No. Not like he would anyway, never fucking leaves his room and does not seem to have any social skills. Had to clean the house myself with the help of my gf. Which we should not have done alone. He didn't even thank us for it.

Also today I come home and my internet in my room is fucking up yet again, normally a router reset fixes this. So I try and login into the router via my browser but wait!! He has changed the password on it!
Before this it was just the default password that they advise you to change, so I changed it when i found this out and informed everyone. So I ask him about the password through his door (the router is in his room, ofc he gets the best connection ¬¬). I am not greeted with an open door, I knocked and ask:

"Hey man did you change the password?"
"Yeah"
"Can I have it because I need to reset the router its fucking up again"
"That's none of your business!"
"Well could you reset it?"
"No! It never does anything"

Okay so you know exactly what is going on on my pc? Clearly. I pay my fair share of the internet, just because you have been here longer than we have and it comes out of your account does not mean you get 100% control of the internet!?!

Fuck you man, unless you prove me wrong then I am not sure I am going to like living with you this year.