Well that's a shitty 24 hours.

Well the past 24 hours have gone from pretty good to absolute shit.

Yesterday started and almost ended pretty good. Went to work, met a girl who usually works a different shift (thank god, it would've been a sausage fest otherwise.) She may or may not have been flirting with me, don't know, don't really care I'll take a confidence boost any day.

I had to work late since it was busy, so I couldn't really use the internet much after work since I had to head back to the shelter. I get back, and my case worker comes up and tells me they're moving me back to the main center (much closer to my job) and that I should get my things and pay attention for the person who will drive me down there.

Great right? Well you'd think so.

I get in the shelter worker's car, we drive up, she keeps telling me about saving my money and making sure that once I do get an apartment I should keep in touch with my caseworker just in case I need help in the future with rent or something. We get there, I check in, go to the bed: and its full of stuff from the "last" tenant. A usual problem so I bring it up, let the worker clean up while I wait. He stops halfway through because he's out of trash bags so I sit there.

And then the last bed owner comes up. Wanna guess who it is? My mom's most recent tool to be used. Turns out he missed 2 days because he was with her. So he gets talking with his old neighbors and they go and talk to the workers to fix this mess.

At this point I'd just rather go back to the farther center atleast there I didn't have to seriously worry about my shit and I had a plug so I could use my crappy second hand laptop. But no, guy comes back, asks me to head up to the desk and they move me a few rows down to an uninhabited bed.

So I give in, try to do my laundry which takes until bed check, go to sleep on the mats they consider to be beds and wake up tired and sore at 5:30 this morning.

I shower and head out. Since I'm not spending an hour to get to town im here much earlier than I usually am. So I wait for the usual place I get breakfast to open up (an autoshop convenience store that takes ebt for biscuits.) and then I head to work to wait around until my shift starts at 11:30.

Pretty uneventful, half hoped the club chick from saturday would pop up but some things only happen once. 

Start work a few minutes early, I'm tired from a combination of lack of sleep and just emotional exhaustion and the biscuit fucked with my stomach so I had to run out the first chance I got to use the restroom. 

I power through the workday until it's time to clock out. my shift manager hands me my tips, 6 bucks, not bad. Then she hands me my check (Tuesday is payday.)

$40... One I thought that my first week's check was going to combined with last weeks, so why the fuck is it only paying me those two first days? two, why fucking $40? the pay should've been for $59 for those 2 days and the stub says it only took $4 for taxes, why the hell did it take 14 in deductions? Fuck I hate trying to keep up with this shit. 

Fuck it, It's money. 

So I head to the bank and cash it, then I head to the transit station to try and get a weekly bus pass. When I do the clerk says "Well we only do from sun-sat, unless you go upstairs to the monorail and get one." Well fine I'll go upstairs and buy one there. 

THAT'S NOT THE SAME FUCKING THING!

A weekly bus pass is for the bus and monorail so you don't have to buy individual rides so damn often. I end up buying a ticket that is soley for the damn monorail, which I can't fucking use because it doesn't even go to halfway to the shelter! $22 wasted because she didn't fucking think to tell me that the damn machine only services the stupid ass thing. 

And Job corps still hasn't gotten anywhere for me. My caseworker has tried to find my immunization record through my old school, but they can't seem to find it. So yet another road block on a highway full of fucking potholes.

And since I'm working all week I can't get to food stamps to set up a meeting so they don't cut me off, and I can't see a doctor or a nurse to find out why I'm coughing up a lung every 20 seconds. 

Fuck being Homeless, fuck trying to be a decent person, fuck trying to do anything sensible because this entire fucking planet only wants to ass fuck you into submission.