Not being able to get a full night's sleep because of inconsiderate people.

Just once, it'd be fucking lovely to be able to sleep the whole night through. No thumping bass at four or five in the morning; no obnoxiously loud diesel vehicles intentionally making more noise as they drive by ('cause Idk, mommy didn't hug them enough or inadequacy issues, who fuckin' knows); no outrageously loud semi trucks parking with the engine running for several hours in the parking lot right next to my house (which is not a fucking truck stop, nor is it intended to be, nor was it when we moved in); no shitty ass neighbors hollering back and forth or gunning up their loud ass engines and letting them idle long past what is reasonable for "letting it heat up," all before seven a.m.; no goddamn herd of feral cats, that the local bum and neighborhood idiots keep feeding *at our fucking house*, fighting and yowling and thumping around in our floor; no loud music or doors slamming or general fuckery at all hours of the goddamn night coming from the car wash across the parking lot (hey, I know it's always been there, but it's the *fuckery* that gets me, the lack of consideration from those who use the damn place for those that live near it). 

Common theme? Assholes. Fucking assholes. Inconsiderate fuckheads that can't be bothered to take a full second out of their day to ask themselves if what they're doing is going to affect those around them. Sure, individual instances might not be so bad, but it's *every fucking hour of every fucking day* that there's some asshole in some way or another being a fucking asshole. Or multiple assholes working in cacophony. I live out in Bumfuck Egypt. It should be quiet here. Business hubs are 20 minutes in opposite directions, we are in the rural in-between, yet you'd never know it for all of the noise. 

I just want to sleep. I just want to get a good night's sleep. To not need to medicate myself to and beyond dontgiveafuckism to try to get to sleep and hopefully stay asleep for the first 2-4 hours. Maybe. If I wake up from needing to pee or adjusting positions or from pain, it'd be nice to be able to go back to sleep in under 30 minutes and to not wake up constantly thereafter from noise because of the new, less deep sleep state. That shit adds up. I'm waking up feeling like I got beat up in the night, wondering why I feel like the walking dead all day, why I take naps during the day and sleep through my alarms in the quiet hours that on rare occasions happen in the early-mid afternoon. But it should've been obvious. There's noise. All the fucking time. Couple that with other unfortunate circumstances, and there's a tired as fuck od_pardie typing with waning rage as defeat and solemn frustration set in. 


Buh.