Dear Facebook

Dear Facebook

Generally I enjoy the Facebook experience. However, I was blocked from posting to groups for a week last night and I believe this is down to algorithms being needlessly proactive.

I posted a long URL in a message to an individual last night, and immediately after posted it in a group as well, this group containing people other than the one I sent the link to in the message. The remainder of the content of the two messages differed considerably, and both the individual and the group needed to see the link.

Not being a spammer, I was not going to post the link again, but I didn't get the chance, as I was first unable to post my message to the group, and then blocked from posting to groups for a week. Your spam-grabbing algorithms have flagged me up as a false positive, essentially. 

I am part of Facebook groups that are co-ordinating real world events and my contribution, to say so myself, is important to them. By stopping me from communicating you are hindering things that are actually happening - in this case it was regarding the legality of putting on an event.

I hope you realise that this false positive has resulted in something that has not only dampened my Facebook experience but has inconvenienced several other people and events that happen in the real world. 


That said, I am not so concerned about my own predicament - I can, in a more laboured manner, still contact all of the people in groups I use. But my own experience has made me aware of the precedents being set - for some people Facebook groups may be the only contact they have with others regarding projects where money changes hands. And think about groups which are used to co-ordinate schemes like Neighbourhood Watches - if people haven't got a secondary method of contact (Emails, phones, etc) then money or people's safety could end up being at risk.

And why can this happen? I believe that it is down to your algorithms being needlessly proactive. You identified and blocked me after two posts. Millions of people must sometimes post a link in two places quite quickly - do all of them get blocked? In this case, I really believe that less is more.

If your algorithm waited just a short while longer, while still observing my posts, it would have seen that I was not going to post again. You would not have needed to block me. I'm also sure that the algorithm could be tweaked to analyse my behaviour more - it would have shown these posts to not be out of character - I am a person who links information to people regularly.

You guys are smart, I have no doubt that you could modify this algorithm easily enough, and also allow for rapid deletion of spam posts. But this algorithm, which is fundamentally lazy, makes me wonder about what else you might have not tweaked enough.

Are there other algorithms that, by being fundamentally too simple, could negatively be impacting your users' Facebook experiences for no good reason? You guys are a social media site - it is time to put the social into social media and stamp out basic problems.

Thank you for taking the time to read this.

tl;dr - I got blocked for posting a link in two places, and Facebook's algorithms need tweaking. Was angry, now an aspiring social jsutice warrior.