Everything is stupid, including you.

Am I the most intelligent human being in the world? No. I know that; I accept that. I am not stupid, but I am constantly surrounded my ignorant people. 

To you, my supposed best friend: I can't stand you. You are a fake. You are entitled beyond comprehension. You don't know what it's like to really hurt, to really experience hunger. Shut the fuck up about how people take advantage of the welfare system. You don't work. You don't have "bi-polar disorder." It's a real thing, yes, but you don't have it. I'm not stupid. I'm pretty goddamn sure the doctor went along with it to get you to be quiet. You don't work; the government pays for everything. You just bought a $130 ticket to a concert. You take advantage of the system, and I hate you. Stop using extremist websites to get all of your news. You just sound like an idiot.

To Mother: Just leave him already. I've been saying it since I was a little kid. Leave Dad. He's an asshole that beats you. He beats you in front of your children. He rapes you. I know. My bedroom was next to yours for years; I heard everything.

To my fellow student: Just because Political Science is your major does not mean you know about and understand anything and everything political. Stop trying, you sound like an idiot. Also, I really don't care that you're gay and a Republican. You can shut up about that too.

To my generation: Get off of your phone. Fucking hell, it shouldn't be your lifeline. If we're having dinner, look at me. I don't care that your second-cousin once removed, posted a picture of their best friend's brother's new puppy. I'm barely on my phone. Is it too much to ask that you look at me? I'm here. I'm a genuine, live person and I want to interact. Put it down.

To me: God, you have so much potential, but you are wasting it. Everyone is awed by your ability to complete work (fantastically) at the last second. I'm sickened by it. Procrastination is not something to be admired. You have 15 literature reviews to write, a textbook to finish writing, and a scholarly paper to present in February at a big conference. Have you even begun to think about that? It's not so far away. You have to go to Chicago in March and present. You haven't even chosen a research topic yet. Not to mention the 5 day competition in St. Louis coming up for which you haven't begun to prepare. You could do so much, but you're letting it all slip by.
