My Last iPhone

**Why this is my last Iphone (and why I'm going to short sell Apple stock in a couple of years).**

So I just received the latest installment of Iphone, the Iphone 6+.  Now to say I have been an advocate of Apple is a bit of an understatement.  I started playing with an Apple 2 when I was a kid, moved onto the first Mac, programmed on G3s then moved onto Macbooks (including the one I am using) while skipping the whole Lisa, Newton and NeXT debacle.  My first Iphone was a 3G and the second was an Iphone 5.  I also have an Ipad 2 and Ipad mini and some Ipods.

I always felt an affinity toward Apple not because I liked Steve Jobs, I didn't, but I respected him for what he could do; keep his eye on the ball and succeed where other where too fearful to tread.  Now I sadly look at my shiny new Iphone 6 and sigh at the passing of an era.  Steve is dead and as near as I can tell, Apple is showing the first signs of an impending demise.

It started when I reluctantly laid out a grand to receive a phone that I thought was going to keep pace with the world that is Android.  Oh how wrong was I.  The obvious first failure point was the bending Iphone saga.  Given Steve's razor sharp focus on design and usability, that one would have never passed the design testing stage because Steve would have been, as usual, yelling at people and making them feel stupid (now that I can relate to).  But instead he was obviously too far gone to have had any impact and alas I had to travel to find a heavy duty steel case to protect my 'strong as butter' phone 6+.  As Steve would have said “what a fuckup of immeasurable proportions”.  And yes Steve, you were in fact surrounded by morons.

Ok so let's skip the bendy phone issue and move on.  The bigger screen was a plus (because I'm getting older and I need more screen terra firma to zoom) and the graphics are good.  But then I realized what was missing from the Iphone.  There was no NFC.  Well there is but Apple doesn't let anyone use it.  So why is that an issue.  Well for anyone who doesn't know, NFC or near field communications is the latest way for smart phones to talk to the “internet of things” (look it up).  Even I myself am programming these cheap little stickers and using them everywhere.  How can I do that?  Because I just bought an older (with a heavy emphasis on the term older) LG Nexus.  I can go to any NFC tag and scan it and the phone will do all sorts of cool things like give me information about a product, go to a website, etc.  And that's on an OLDER LG smarphone (I can't wait to see the newest versions).

Apple has for some reason chosen to keep the NFC chip in their phone proprietary for their use only and lean heavily on another proprietary hardware called bluetooth low energy or BLE.  And this is where I think the loss of Steve has caused Apple to once again believe they are Steve (even though he would be reminding them that they were not).  Now suddenly apple is back in the Sculley days stumbling around in the dark yet again.  They have lost their god and lost their way.  

So why do I think Apple will suffer? Let me count the ways:

1. Overpriced for the value delivered.  In the Iphone 6, Apple is providing far less functionality than other phones for a significantly higher price and the new Android phones are going to be far out in front on the technology front.

2. Old technology.  Let's face it.  Not putting NFC in your phone is the easiest way to become grampa's phone.  Good luck with that Mr. Cook (oh ya...and you are not Steve Jobs and never will be).

3. The chinese are a finicky and smart lot.  They do not want to be left behind and once something catches in China...it goes viral very fast as Apple has recently found.  It's a growth market now for Apple but that whole world can change on a dime.

4. Apple needs to go back to what Steve knew best.  It's all about the design and quality and not the money.  This one Apple can't overcome because they would need to hire a Steve Jobs and we all know that Apple would never look at a resume of a college drop out like Steve was.  In fact his resume would never even make it past their robo resume readers (and neither would mine).

5. Being the cool kid on the block means you have to think ahead and not behind and in terms of guru's, there is maybe ten people in the world that can do that.  And before you start perusing the CEO listing of currently cool company's remember something that Jobs knew all too well.  Lighting rarely strikes twice and three times is impossible.


To sum it up, Apple management is yet again out of touch, focussed on the profits above all else, have no clue about what they are doing, are hiring the wrong people and I'm guessing spending a lot of time in meetings.

And that is why all my new phones will be Android, Samsungs, LG's or something even more cool.

Fare the well Steve.  Apple shareholders will really miss you.

Now where is my stock brokers number?