This goes all over the place...

I'm just going to write this shit down so something of my mind lives on after my physical body dies.  Don't get scared, I'm not offing myself yet.  I've got multiple guns (A hand build .45 1911 makes quick work of a faulty brain), a car that can flatten me into a pylon at 70mph, and an antique straight razor that'd make quick work of this body.  If I wanted to be less of a coward, you nigglets would've never heard about this.  I want you to pay attention to the message.

I just feel that in case someone like me finally goes that route...  there's got to be some mental record of myself to carry on.  Let's not mention that i could raise a damn good kid.  I have things to live for.  A 140 IQ, raised by teachers and country folk that made us good kids. I love my work more than anything else.  But sometimes I wonder if any of that is worth it.  None of that gets you an increased chance of spreading your seed and making new ones of yourself, so all you can help is for random channce or increasing your chances throug higher iterations.  The world is such a chaotic place that most personal actions mean very little in the scheme of things.

Second notice.  Don't go all "awe, don't do it," "we love you," bull shit.  You people don't know me.  Fuck you if you think you do.  I write this to make all you realize that there are kinds of people like me that work day in and day out, keeping this goddamn economy together so that you fuckheads can have your fiber internet and iPhones.  Not to mention your plumbling, electricity, and in my case, the guns needed to keep all the rest of it going. Visit every single metal or manufacturing shop in existence and tell me one thing:  who there isn't doing some kind of hard drug,  isn't mentally handicapped in someway, or isn't addicted to some kind of "sanctioned" substance.  No matter the shop you'll find the nearest non-zero value.  That's just how it is.  All you people that sit in your desks and punch buttons are held on the shoulders of sweaty, tweaked, barely getting by families with both parents working just so their kids can become wards of the state.  Fuck all of you.

There's a specific type of person you want running the machines that give you the comfy life you enjoy, you soft pricks.  First they have to be smart.  But if they're that smart, why aren't they building the drones and robots everyone shits themselfs over but fears for with their lives?  That's because they have a limit on their forms of intelliences.  I do lots of drugs to keep myself on a even keel.  Others don't want the responsibility.  Others live for that 'big fish, little pond" feel.  There's many reasons, nearly meeting the number of workers in the field.  Sure there are some that just can't hack it and that's why they never leave.  

But ther'es fuckheads like me and my crew that do it because it's gotta be done, we can do it right all the time, every time.  Not to mention the fact that we do our jobs so well and so clean that we're never questioned.  Smoke breaks every hour?  Even the boss joins us, since he knows he doesn't have to ask us why we didn't get our shit down at the end of the day.

I guarantee you less that 1% that are clean there.  That's including the management.  There's a clear reason that 'random drug tests' don't occur in most metal shops.  They'd lose at least half their work force.

Let's get to down to brass tacks:  I don't feel 'normal' unless I'm fucked up.  We could blame this on any number of things, but it's what happens.  Even with ear protection I have ringinging in my ears so that you can have your high-tech.  I'm not going be able to tell my grandkids what Joel and Bots or Grandaddy's John Deere tractor on my arms means simply because I can't hear them.  Hope you enjoy your Google-eyes or whatever.

I don't even have a TV or cable.  Can't afford it.  And I'm a single white male.  I'll tell you what it is:  I feel so slighted by my slot on life that I have to deaden my senses..  Thus the drinking and drugs.  The NSA wants some of this, they can come and get it.  I'm one of the nation's highest mechanical assests. They can lick my nuts and enjoy them because without the stout, hardered fuckers like me, they couldn't sit in their Herman Miller Aeron chairs that lets them actually move at the end of the day.

Don't get me wrong:  I was smart enough to have a full ride to UofA for Mechanical Enginieering.  But I didnt' want to do that.  I wanted to get down with the nitty-gritty.  I wanted to come home and felt like I did something worth a damn that day.  

But yah, fuck me for following me what what I loved.  

Following a career that gives me that strong-backed tough feeling is what keeps me from wanting to bash the face in of every dumpy, fat-bodied or chunky girl that's got to have her pumpkin spiced sugar-drink every morning.  Eat bags of dicks and choke on them, you sales-brokers that make more than I make in a year for sitting on your ass, lying to people to get their money you don't deserve and skimming as much as you can off the top.  I know you.   I know what'd you've done to my companies.  You are the few I can pidgeon-hole and not feel back about.  I drink swill that's barely considered coffee in less than five countries, but goddamnnit it wakes me up enough not to fuck up the guns your precious military uses.  

What thanks do I get?  The same wage a Donkey Queen worker makes in California now.  You think that chicken fried steak basket and blizzard is going to hold the border?  If you do, I want to live in your Santa Clause-ruled worldstate.

Let's get one thing out of the way before I lose people here:  I'm not stupid.  I have a rated 140 IQ.  I scored a 34 on my ACT, while sick.  We didn't do the SAT.  The ASVAB, on the other hand, was required.  Rich schools have that as a choice.  My poor-assed school made it a requirement.  Goes to show you what our priorities are as a nation.  

When I'm sober I have at least six different tracks of thought going at once.  One is what's actually needed to get through the day.  At least one other is all the reminders of the various ways I've fucked up as a kid.  Stupid shit about how I forgot I had a piece of a plastic toy in my pocket accidentally stolen from  kindergarten and once I got it home, found it and realized my mistake, I tossed it to the back of my closet.  As if anyone would have recognized an indisguishible yellow plastic compass or geiger-counter, whatever the fuck it was.  That doesn't matter.  That same feeling of guilt rises to my heart and chest as if I had just been caught with my first playboy.  I have to be reminded with crystal clarity just how horrible and guilty I felt at that moment.  To this day, I have to be brought back to being five years old and thinking that was the end of the world.  I have to have that part of my heart jump to my tongue just to make sure I know how much of a failure I have been and always will be.  That part never goes away.  My mind has an uncanny ability to come up with new items that will haunt me for weeks.

I remember asked as a kid to say the world "Halibut" in front of class as we were learning about fish.  The anti-fantasy that entered my mind was the same that happened when we learned how to say "insects."  I'd been whooped by my drunken father for such strange things as using "butt" in odd words, it seemed inevitable.  Strangely enough I knew about incest (not in my family, but I knew it weren't good[I do come from Alabama, right?]).  Either way it ended up inside my head with my dad dressed like Leonard Smalls from Raising Arizona busting through a steel door in stark silhoette with dry-ice smoke billowing from the base of the door frame.  Dead squirrel in one hand, double-barreled 12-guage with welded hammers all the ready to deal shame to me.  So did I open my mouth?  Fuck no.  This was at four or five.  Never gotten past that.

There are two animals I associate myself with:  lion and elephant.  I love to stay with lion.  They rest and alomost contemplate most of the day (at least the males), but when action is needed, it's all about terrifying action.  The few compliments I've been given in a fight is that I'm "regal and entirely aloof." Much like a male lion that knows his place should be.  But I don't like that.  I want to feel what's happeneing.  I don't want to have to shut myself off the way I have to in order to have a kind of 'upper-hand' in a verbal fight.  I want what is best between the two  to win.  

The other animal is the elephant.  There's the same "I really don't give two shits about what you say, because I'm still stronger than you and will make you into a powder if need-be."  The problem with the stereotypical elephant is that he remembers all.  That's where I find myself.  I regularly have to pretend I don't know shit just so I feel like a fucking freak.  Then I have to ham my way through this other person's half-legible description of what happened.  All the while I'm narrating his/her story in my head with Baron Munchausen-esque levels of extra interest.

Fuck this internal shit.  The things are inside of you, tearing yourself apart, and can only be quelled when you get past the fear of getting them out in the open.  It doesnt' matter how well they're thought out.  You just have to put them out there.  And accept that others will challenge you.  If you let these stew inside your head, they will grow and eventually eat themselves.

Come to your critisisms with humility and convictions.  Protect your ideas.  They are your pets, who you nurtured in your heads.  But when you let them out into the real world  and they get reularly torn to shreds, the are either weak or need an entire overhaul to match the forces out there. If you're smart enough, you'll figure out which it is, and adapt.

TL;DR  Fuck you, read this shit.  Did you have kraft macaroni and cheese to prepare with your mountain dew, you filthy neckbeards?!  Read the damn thing.  This isn't Truth, this is simly world truth.  Get used to it or you will never learn.  Do the up/down thing.  Like a give a shit.