I hate feminists

WARNING: LONG, POORLY WRITTEN RANT AHEAD

[No Regrets] I’m a woman, and I hate feminists. Specifically, the feminazis nowadays who are making a bad impression on real gender issues, and nobody takes us seriously anymore because of these dumb twats.

There are real problems in the world, and women who are actually oppressed. There are girls in India who get raped and murdered because they have to go out at night to find a toilet because their houses don’t have one. Or women in islamic countries getting acid thrown on their face for no reason. There’s women in the western side of the world who have to work twice as hard as men to get the same paycheck as men.

BUT WHAT ARE THESE FEMINISTS CRYING ABOUT?

&gt; This videogame (that is clearly targeted for a male demographic) is objectifying women, and doesn’t have a strong female lead!!! who is also fat and brown and genderqueer!!! 

OR

&gt; Some guy said Hi to me on a busy street in NYC. Saying that is literally a rape trigger. OMG RAPE CULTURE!!!

They make such a big deal out of these dumb things, and ignoring the real issues in the world. You crying about this won’t help the women who are actually getting raped, it will only make people make fun of you on Youtube. There’s BETTER WAYS of addressing these issues.

It’s embarrassing for me as a woman to be remotely associated with them. Why won’t they spend their never ending energy on better forms of activism that won’t make them look like a bunch of mentally handicapped potatoes?

Zoe quinn, anita sarkeesian, patricia from kotaku, “big red” binx, all of them need to shut the fuck up.

Then there’s these teens (and 25-year-olds alike) on tumblr who say things like:

&gt;I HATE MY PARENTS (his very healthy and supportive parents who pay for everything he needs) I hate my parents because they won’t pay for a sex change operation with hormonal treatments for me!! I’m 14 years old, and I’m a female polynesian turtle-kin trapped in the body of a white male, my parents are literally OPPRESSING ME because they won’t let me chop off my penis. My pronouns are xe, xer and xerself. I’m head mates with john watson and dean from supernatural.
&gt; 

WHY, WHY ARE WE GIVING A VOICE TO THESE TWATS. They're influencing one another! Fucking homestuck and all of that crap, now it's a fad to be a tri-gender pyrofox-kin. If my kids ever turn up like this, I don’t know what I’d do. I don’t even care if my kid turns out gay, JUST DON’T BE A CRAZY PERSON!

but wait, saying "crazy" is ableist as shit, amirite? I'm a shitlord for not being crazy, and being comfortable in my own body, right?

Why are fat activists so annoying too? Mad because designers won’t make sizes xxxxxL. Listen, when your doctor tells you you’re morbidly overweight, the last thing you can complain about is that gucci doesn’t make that revealing dress in xxxxL, and then saying the airline is oppressing you because the seats are too small but you won’t buy 2 seats. Then you show up naked in the middle of the street, protesting, with the word *BEAUTIFUL* written all over your fat tits with menstruation blood (cuz hey, FREE BLEEDING). Then blame the cis gender guys for looking at you and saying it's rape culture. What the fuck.

Then there's all those retards gobbling up all that gluten free fad, paying premium for products, like gingerbread cookies that are LACTOSE FREE, VEGAN, GENDER NEUTRAL GINGERBREAD PERSON. I understand if you're lactose or gluten intolerant, but most people I know buying into these things ARE NOT gluten intolerant. And they're broke, and won't pay for these expensive foods themselves, and they make their moms spend their hard earned money to buy them TOFU BASED VEGAN BACON NUT FREE DIARY FREE. You're not even fucking allergic to any of those things, but your mom should be allergic to GETTING RIPPED OFF BY THESE STORES.

Fuck you.