You don't need a bible to be a good person !

This is driving me bat shit crazy. Every other post There's a Bible verse explaining Why you should be a good person.  

Do You really need a book to tell you how to feel, how to act and think....a book to tell you how to sympathize with someone and Why you should? If that truly is the case then your logic is the biggest issue right now. 

You're allowing a book to shape your world and your opinions. You're taking a book about people and creatures and using it against other people trying to tell them What's right and wrong because your book says so....that's the biggest crock of shit I've ever heard! 

You say, "the Bible says we should love one another because we are all his children" yet 90% of the prisoners who are serving a life sentence are running around with crosses tattooed on their bodies.... The same people who raped an innocent child, killed a family, blew someone's vehicle up over rage and anger.... 

If you seriously think that telling nombelievers,  or others of other views and religions, that they're in the wrong for having opinions and views opposite of yours then you're the one that should be ashamed of yourself. You're the one that deserves to be oppressed and degraded because you're trying to control everyone else's life over a fucking Bible! 

Let me inform you of this. I'm a damn good person. I love my fiance more than anything in the world, never cheated, never abused, never doubted my feelings for him. Ironically, over 45% of the divorces reported in 2010 in just my state alone were of people who claimed to be religious...the same people who attend church on a regular basis and use their Bible against people like me. 

Another thing, I'm a caregiver for the mental and physically disabled. This is a job that is well known for people to say, "I couldn't do what you do." How ironic is that?! 

My little sister calls me crying and I'm at my mom's house helping her through her issues as soon as I can be there. 

My grandma misses me? I'll take out a loan If I have to in order to go see her, even If it's just for an hour. 

What the hell makes you so much better than a nonbeliever? What's your Bible preach? Oh Yeah, that's riiiighttt... It preaches rape, murder, other horrific and absurd horrible acts. It supports racism, slavery and even supports abortion even though 90% of you will disagree...evidently I've read your Bible more often than you have. 

I've had enough of this bullshit.  Quit using Bible quotes because you think it makes you a good person. It doesn't! It only shows your bigotry and ignorance against the non religious. I don't need a damn Bible, or book in general, to tell me Why or how to be a good person. I don't shoot people because I understand they're human too, I don't kill people because that's not in my nature, I don't rape young children or random men in the alley ways because that's disgusting and cruel...I don't mutilate animals and burn them because I love animals and the good they do for our environment. If you say,"you were raised Christian. Thats where your morals come from." Then I want to Thank you. I want to Thank you for being such an ignorant person who thinks the only good people in this world are people who are God fearing. 

I'm good WITHOUT A GOD and always will be. My morals come from common sense, sympathy and compassion. My morals weren't designed by a book,  God, deity...no one but the environment I live in and who I am. My character is formed solely upon my own choices...not choices made by others! 

I've had enough.