My boyfriend's annoying and insistent fat logic

I like my boyfriend, I really do.  He's extremely intelligent, interesting, and hard working.  But he has a few things that I seriously wish he'd STFU about.  Sometimes work and family life get a little crazy and I'm more burnt out than usual.  September was one of those months where I'm working long weeks back-to-back and to make things better my grandfather almost died of heart failure.  

These are the times my boyfriend turns into a pouty brat, and I know that just when things are looking up I'm going to get one of his bitching-me-out sessions about all the things I do that he doesn't like because he feels slightly neglected and can't handle it.  So just when the storm has passed and things are returning to normal, he delivers his grievances like a flaming bag of dog poo on my doorstep.

This rant focuses on his constant criticism of my eats habits.  And I seriously wish he could just cram it.

My boyfriend and I have been dating almost a year and a half.  As soon as we got together, my size four frame went up a dress size and stayed that way for a year.  I don't blame anyone but myself.  I let myself pick up his bad eating habits.  I also realized that the kind of willpower to not get up and got buy junk food when you're single is not strong enough to resist a boyfriend who walks over to your with his tub of ice cream and insistently pokes the spoon at your mouth.

He seemed to expect me to keep up with him when he was eating.  I tried to decline, saying I wasn't hungry.  But he would get angry and pout and sulk.  Eventually he pitched a huge fit and that was his ultimatum, if I'm eating, you're eating too (amongst other things).  So I would eat with him to keep the peace.  I'm not happy being a size six and I enjoy feeling hungry before I eat, but it's not like I'm morbidly obese so I let it go.

Recently, I just got tired of doing this his way.  I'm tired of never feeling hungry before I eat.  I'm tired of living in my 'fat' clothes.  So I went on an extreme fad diet, whereby I only eat when I'm hungry and I stop when I'm comfortably satisfied.  I make myself healthy lunches (usually a protein, fruit, and some veggies, maybe quinoa) during the week and save the less healthy food for special occasions.

I've never been a big dinner eater.  I tend to eat most of my calories earlier in the day and maybe have a piece of fruit or some hummus after my evening workout.  It felt great to return to my old eating habits.  I lost half a dress size immediately and food tastes so much better when you're not full already.  Plus my boyfriend loves going out to eat almost every night of the week, which was getting insanely expensive, so I saved a bunch of money last month.

I tried to explain to my boyfriend WHY I'm not eating if I'm not hungry: I don't look forward to the food, it makes me weigh more than I should (I'm already at a BMI of 24.9, just inside the higher end of the healthy range), it's bad for the environment, it gets expensive.  He just gives me this blank look.  We have the same fucking conversation every evening and weekend.

There's a few things we can't fucking seem to agree upon:

* Food has calories
* There is only so many calories a person needs in a day
* If you eat more calories than you need, you will gain weight
* It is not healthy to be above a certain weight/size
* Exercise burns calories but a 2 mile walk will not burn off the calories from a burger, fries, and a shake

I was a fat teenager and have fat family members, so I am under no illusion that I can just eat what I want and not get fat.  I never want to get to the point where I just lazily gain a few pounds a year and end up obese in my 40's, needing a strict low salt, low cholesterol diet, and medication.  My boyfriend does.not.get.this.  You're young!  He says.  You can eat whatever you want! or You worked out!  You can eat anything!  I do love food.  But I also get that the food I love the most isn't good for me so I shouldn't eat it regularly or in infinite portions.  

I AM HEALTHIER THAN YOU STFU.  You are a fucking adult and I don't criticize your choices because you are a fucking adult and I respect your ability to make your own choices.  I don't act smug or rub anything in your face because it's fucking disrespectful.

You ruin every fucking meal with your goddamn nagging.  If I skip a meal, you say something.  If I eat, you say something.  If I eat at a special occasion, you act like you've 'won' or shown that I'm a hypocrite, in your smug, fucking self-satisfied voice.  I just want to smack you in the face.  I don't have to fucking explain myself to you if I want to indulge every once in a while!

I don't rub it in your face, but I'm HEALTHIER than you and always have been.  You're fucking criticizing my eating habits when you eat mostly fast food and processed food, you drink a soda a day, smoked for ten years, can't drink anymore because your liver is fucked, your blood pressure and cholesterol are barely in the healthy range, and you never wear sunscreen.

You ordered a drink with 70 grams of sugar in it, slurped it right down, and declared it 'not that sweet.'  I know some of it is just ignorance but JFC, the WHO recommends you consume &lt;9 grams per day.  That thing was too sweet for me to even touch.

I just had a physical for work and you were IN AWE of my results.  My vitals (cholesterol/BP/triglycerides/ good to bad cholesterol/ pulmonary function) are impeccable.  I was SO PISSED that you had a fucking tantrum because I wasn't interested in dinner and then you went out and ate a fucking Sirhacha burger from Jack in the box with curly fries and a 20oz soda and acted like you made a better choice than me.  Thanks but no thanks.  I still think I'm better off skipping the fucking meal than paying $8 for 1200 calories of junk food.

In summation, boyfriend, love you, but fuck off about my eating habits.