Tired of parents telling other people lies about me and making me feel like dog shit

So I come to you reddit to express my anger at my parents (more so, my father). 

Just some background on me. I am 22, I work a 9-5 M-F job with a high interest in Computers (Web Technology, Hardware Building etc) and video games.

Just like most teenagers, I grew up with video games and it's now my main source of entertainment. There is nothing wrong with playing video games right?...right? 

My father said to me "You are getting to old for games" when I was around 13 or so as it was "for babies". I ignored him... He is old fashioned and thinks they are a waste of time. 

As I got older, I started to get into computer more and working with servers and learning different technologies. To this day, I still love it as well as Video Games.

Anyway, fast forward to about June of this year, I got a internship at a shop where I am working Monday to Friday, 9 till 5. While, I absolutely love it...I fear going home now. Every evening when I get home, is just misery, negativity and I just need away from it all.

I will admit, I play video games in the evening for a while, while also working on computers (I do a small bit of freelancing) and managing a couple of websites. 

Tonight, a carer for my grandfather (Who has Motor Neuronopathy) was talking to my father and I about a trip that I am about to go on.

I explained to him that I was going over for my birthday and a games festival (Specifically, Final Fantasy XIV Fan Fest). The carer asked me if I was "into video games". I didn't have time to respond quick enough for my dad to jump in and say "He plays all the time. From the moment he gets home from his so-called job, he plays games all night and maybe decides to go to bed for a couple of hours and then goes back to his "job" (finger quotes here). He is never fucking off it".

The last thing that I do is ever argue with my dad because "He is always right". He would have embarrassed me and make fun of me in front of the carer.

I have had enough! (Wow, I am even tearing up writing this post). I am not going to London on Monday just for my birthday or JUST the festival...but to get away from him. He is driving up the fucking walls. 

He is only fucking worried if he has enough of cigarettes in the house.

I am really considering making the London trip a "one-way" and never come back to Ireland again! 

:(

EDIT: I never really explained about the lies part, but he has a tendency of lying to me, to family and friends about me and make me feel like shit....