Today, I sent the following email to Texas Instruments. I hate the company, and I really hate their calculators. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it!

To whom it may concern,

Can you please edit your product description for your TI nSpire CAS line of graphing calculators so that it clearly states "not available in any stores nationwide"? That would be both terrific and more honest, because I spent 2 hours today calling every store in existence in the state's largest city, and couldn't find one anywhere. I finally saw this calculator and thought, "hey, the biggest monopoly in the education business is finally offering something innovative, powerful, and reasonable for the price!". However, as expected from your company, my hopes were left unfulfilled. 

I called two separate Wal-Mart locations, Target, OfficeMax, 3 Office Depots, Staples, and a Best Buy. Nobody on the planet Earth carries this calculator. Is it the deliberate intention of your company to make your most useful product one that is impossible to own? I'm sitting here, wallet in hand, trying to pay your company for this cool product, and you don't offer it anywhere but online - not that you could possibly be bothered to tell anyone this detail, though. 

My Ti-89 was stolen while at work last week, and I'm an engineering student who needs a calculator with an algebra system. I have a really hard time justifying $155 for a prehistoric, obsolete Ti-89. I finally gave up looking for the nSpire CAS, and settled for a replacement Ti-89. Never in my life have I had buyer's remorse so incredibly quickly after buying something. 

Just to be clear, your company makes doing business a hair-pulling nightmare. The fact that you've allowed yourselves to become as bad as the nations' most hated company, Comcast, is shameful and despicable. If there was any other academically-permitted, reasonable, and competitive option offered against your 3 decade old overpriced Motorolla 68000-based garbage, I would spring for the purchase faster than a man going into diabetic shock springs for some insulin. 

It astounds me that you guys even offer anything less than a totally integrated calculator with built-in CAS. Have you ever thought to yourselves "hey, this Ti-84 we sell costs well over $100, and can't even symbolically determine the product of 2x^3 * 7x^3"? If your counterargument to my point consists of something like "well Mr. dumbeinsteinASU0101, some students aren't ready for that level of mathematical complexity! They could use the calculator to cheat on their math homework!", take a step back out of your deluded sense of moral dictatorship, and wake up. The only reason why competition isn't eating your company alive right now is because you have somehow managed to strike an agreement with educators to not allow anything else in the classroom. Wolframalpha.com offers a mathematical engine at least a million times more advanced than your ancient computerized algebra systems on your calculators, and the service is FREE!!! 

In conclusion, I want you to immediately assess why it is that you have chosen to make your most promising product in 20 years unavailable to those that really need it. I want you to display a disclaimer on the Ti-nSpire CAS series of calculators offered by your company that states "good luck finding this calculator in any brick-and-mortar store in America!!" so that interested customers will know not to waste their time trying to find it. I speak for everyone who has ever been a victim of your nonsensical marketing practices by saying that you are a thorn in everyone’s side.

Most sincerely, 

dumbeinsteinASU0101 