My dick-head boss got fired for losing a $1,500 bank deposit... which I think another dick-head boss stole. (Funny read)

I work at Burger King -groans- 
It's a temporary job, and it gives me some money to save before I move out of my parents house. When I first started, it was GREAT. I loved it, and I could not imagine why anyone would not enjoy working in fast food, since ya know, it has quite a reputation for being one of the shittiest jobs out there. Things went downhill very fast, in the matter of one day actually. My boss started getting "touchy" with me, and started "way-too-obviously" flirting in front of co-workers and other managers. Here's the kicker, he's engaged. An even bigger kicker, I tell him constantly I have a boyfriend and am very happy in my relationship. Did that stop him? Hell to he mutha fookin no. It's gotten to the point of sexual harassment. "But you know what?" I would calmly explain to myself, "I really need this job, like really really need it." So I ignored him and tried my best to go about my day while he stood 3 inches from me while I was bagging food, attempting to make me laugh by jamming his fingers into my ribs. But hey, whatever. At this point it's the least of my concerns, because it gets so much worse. 

It's my day off last week, I'm sleeping at 9 AM, (who isn't on their day off?) and I get a call. The caller ID says "Burger-King-fuck-you-now-wake-up-and-come-make-shit-sandwiches." Not really but hey, it's all the same. Before an excuse can even fly from my mouth I decided to just suck it up and go in, despite staying up half the night frying my eyeballs in front of a screen and drinking immense amounts of soda.  "Yeah sure! I'd be happy to come in!"
Dick-head boss #3 (we'll call him Quad Whop because he is the fattest shit in the place and he is constantly stealing customers orders and waddling away with them into his office) anyway, he says "well you were scheduled today." 
Lolwatnah
I pull out my schedule that I wrote the day before and whattyaknow, I'm off! 
"Says I'm off but I'll still come in"

 -fastfoward-
I drag myself into paradise and am immediately written up for being late. 
Wtf.jpg
Quad Whop huffs and puffs and says "Well, you should have looked at the new schedule" 
Derp.jpg
"I did, but okay. Write me up." 
I heave a deep sigh and start making shit sandwiches. 
I'm in a bad mood at this point, especially with quad stack yelling at me with half spittle/half grease projecting from his pie hole to my face. 
"Do the dishes!" 
"Take out the trash!"
"This shit sandwhich wasn't made right!"

Ayyyyy lmao
I throw the shit sandwhich in the trash with the fiery additude of a thousand burning suns and go back to making dishes. I hold back the sassy white bitch slowly creeping up my throat, giving it everything I've got not to yell "fuck you" and leave. Quad Whop turns red-faced, yelling at the top of his lungs how I am disrespectful, and ultimately, after arguing with him, he fires me. 
"K den. This is Booger King, Home of the Shit Sandwich. You think I couldn't find a better job?"
This enrages him because after all he is a human Quad Whopper, these are his people, down to every last sesame seed. 
I grab my stuff, begin to leave, and I hear "Baby come back, you can blame it all on meeeeee." 
Not really, but something of the sort. He took me into his office and said I could keep my job if I apologized. 
Sigh.jpg
"Sorry Quad Whop, won't happen again" 
I go home early that day regardless. 

Fastforward to yesterday.  
"Pervy McSkeetSkeet" approaches me right when I walk in. "Dick-head got fired. He lost a $1,500 bank deposit"
&lt;insert&gt;OHSNAP. 
"Yeah, also... your drawer was $25 short last time you worked."
Impossibru. 
"Yes, we are going to review the cameras, but just watch what change you are giving people. " 

I go about my work day, HAWK EYE TYPE SHIT, making sure I am giving correct change. After all, I've worked register at a job before, I was never over/under $2. 
It's the end of the day, I am very happy because I made sure every single last penny was accounted for in my drawer. I take my drawer to the office. We count it together. 
"$22 under." 
Me: "HAHA u fukin wi me rite." 
At this point, I know someone is stealing from registers. And who is my main suspect? PervyMcSkeetSkeet. I've made it into a game almost. 
"Okay well this person has a felony for theft, this person was working on my register during my break... hmmm."
But after hard thinking, it has to be him. He has access to everything, including the bank deposit that "went missing." 
When I go in today, I'm going to make sure they have reviewed the cameras. If not, I will call the owner myself. I refuse to believe such a huge error has been made by my excellent money counting skills. And I mean excellent. You have to look on the screen and count a whole $2.52. I mean come on. Not your average person could do that. Takes a real master. 

Thanks for listening to my stupid ass rant. 

Sincerly, 
MissWaifu ~ The BurgerQueen