I need to get this off my chest.

My life's not really in a good place right now. My grandmother- who was one of the few constants in my life- through Foster Care, my brother going psycho, everything- passed away a couple of weeks ago, then, on Friday, I hear on the news that my cousin- another incredibly important person to me- is at her high school when there's a shooting, could have died, but thankfully escaped it without any wounds. Then, yesterday (Monday), my school is evacuated after ten minutes of first period. Some jackass went and decided to bring a Molotov Cocktail to school, threatening to use it. So, naturally, I tell my parents. My mother makes some stupid joke, and my father says 'Great. Is school shut down?' Neither of them think to ask me if I'm alright, not at all. Meanwhile, everybody else has to gently calm their parents or other family members down. Their parents are worried sick, crying, in hysterics and all that shit. Mine? Haha, who gives a shit? It's just an incendiary device, what's the matter?
Fuckicng assholes. I get released from school while the cops and school work this thing out. Halfway home, my dad calls me. I start to think up ways to calm him down and reassure him I'm fine.
For no reason.
He's asking why they told us to leave, and gets fristrated at my response-- I'M ONLY RELAYING WHAT THEY TOLD US, ASSHOLE. He then decides that there's no possible way I could be stressed after the last few weeks- fuck, the last few days- and sets me to work. He begins to tell me to deep fucking clean my bathroom and bedroom. Like, scrub the shit out of the surfaces, work till your hands fall off because they're so pruned kind of a deep clean.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not pissed off about that.
The fuckstick never once asks me how I'm doing. Not a single mention about how I'm feeling. That's the start. After I've spent a good two and a half hours scrubbing the shit out of my bathroom, he decides to tell me that there was no real reason to do it. Why? BECAUSE NOW WE'RE MOVING ON SATURDAY. Not just that, but we arent even really moving. Same building. We're moving to the APARTMENT LITERALLY ONE SPACE OVER. Why? Because they like the deck better than our current one. Every other aspect is small and crowded.
Today, he goes off on me because of one thing I missed when cleaning yesterday. Of course, fed up with his asshole-ey-ness, I argue. I say that I didnt see it, I'm sorry, but he says he doesnt care, he doesnt want to hear it. He says that it should be perfect, everything should be perfect because people from our building are coming over tomorrow to make sure we didn't make any huge holes or damages. He goes to do something else, and my mother apologizes because she accidentally left a handprint-- she was yelling at me too because i decided to stand up for myself- and what does he say but 'That's okay, it doesn't need to be perfect.'
WHAT.
THE.
FUCK.
Ots not just the whole cleaning thing, though.
Not once did they ask if I was okay. Not*once*.
Sure, they did when my grandmother passed. They left me alone for the firs night. Then, the next day, expected me to be cured, and made me go on this stupid Ride the Ducks thing. Yea, cos I want to go on an amphibious bus filled with little, sniveling kids that cry because the wind's in their eyes, and a ton of tourists taking pictures with their iPads, saying, 'ooh, homey, look at that!' at every rock that's at a slight tilt. Yeah, I want to go on a loud noisy bus filled with kids and tourists collectively using those stupid little 'quacker' things shaped like duck bills, that sound like a duck with a Chicago accent getting strangled by Stone Cold Steve Austin.
Sorry. I use a lot of analogies when I'm pissed. I'm creative like that. It's why I go to an arts integrated school.
When i told them that my cousin was nearly shot just two weeks after losing one of the most important people in my life, they shrugged. My dad told me I should've pried her for details, like was she there, did she see the kid, did she see anybody get shot?
No, fuckstick, I figured that if she had that's a question for years after-- if ever--, not three and a half hours later.
And then they make shitty jokes about the kid who brought a Molotov to school not having studied for a quiz, and how that's their back-up plan.
I guess that's it, really. Oh, I got an invitation from Microsoft to go to Halo Fest this year, but you have to be twenty-one or older to attend (Halo's one of my all-time favorite games). So that kinda added, I guess.
I actually feel a lot better now. Thanks, Reddit.