For NINE hours I dealt with your hogging of every thing. Now I'm going to get the MIC and tell you how horrible you made my day.

You came into the room and asked me if I could work together with you on our upcoming project. I said "sure" and smiled politely. 

We got the program started. Actually, you got the program started and told me to sit tight. I thought that was fine; I mean, the real work later on would be divided somewhat evenly so I'd have my chance to not be so idol, right? Well, you sure showed me the real answer. I noticed a few times you were stuck on the problem so I gave you some time to think. Then, when you couldn't find the answer, I gave you some advice on how to program correctly in this particular case. I made sure to sound civil and polite as to not make you feel bad for not knowing how this thing worked. But then you didn't give me a reply. I sat there, then tried to rephrase what I said at the slight chance that you didn't hear me. But you did. It was quiet. Then you went out of your seat to talk to John about your issue. "I trust you" you said to John. You came back, sat down, rewrote what you did...IN THE EXACT SAME WAY THAT I HAD MENTIONED BEFORE. SO then I tried to be a bit more proactive and grab the mouse when you went to crack your knuckles. You then kept telling me every five seconds (no matter what I did) that I was wrong. Even when every thing was running smoothly. So then around five minutes passed and YOU TOOK THE MOUSE OUT OF MY HAND AND WENT ON WITH THE WORK LIKE FREAKING BEFORE, IGNORING ME AND ALL. SO then it's almost lunch time and I'm thinking, okay, finally, a break! But what did you say? "I think I'm going to stay here...can you give me your ID so I can log onto your account and continue?". I hesitated. I didn't want you to do some random things completely without me, cus this is a GROUP PROJECT. At one point, when I finally had my time to continue the project...you said "wait"...and I borderline snapped "Calm down.". Great...now every one heard my sneer and fucking stared at me like I was the raging asshole from Breaking Bad... Then I just got all quiet. You didn't speak the native language too well because you aren't from here. I am fluent -since I am from here- so when you went to the bathroom I fixed your sentence fluency and grammar mistakes. I then also tried my best to get as much calculation work in before you came back. But when you came back all this shit started all over again. 

This went on for a total of 9 hours...........I maybe held the mouse for 15 minutes the whole time.

So now, I'm going to do what I should have done before...which is to say "no" to your group work request and work independently for the entire report *without you*. And maybe by then, you can learn some manners and how to cooperate. Maybe grab a dictionary and learn what group work is.


*My best advice is to pick who you work with wisely. Or else.*