If you don't have bad grades, DON'T ACT LIKE YOU HAVE THEM! Be grateful when people do things for you! Don't whine about people "not liking you" when they clearly do!

Ok. Ok. Ok.

So there's this one friend I have who I have one class with. I fucking hate that class just like everyone else in it. Bad, extremely boring teacher. Whatever. It happens. So this friend always sits behind me in class.

We had taken a quiz a few days earlier. We get that shit back and of course I get a D, because the teacher sucks. My friend gets a B.

Later that night, she texts me about how she is SUUUCH a bad student and has Cs in all her classes and has *locked herself in her bathroom crying and won't do her homework.* I actually believed her and tried to comfort her and convinced her to do her homework and go to sleep on time. Great. I hope it helped!

Next day we are in the class. The teacher hands us sheets showing our grades and a small breakdown. And this is actually funny because it shows how bad of a teacher she is: Labs: A, Homework: A, tests and quizzes: *D+.* She just doesn't teach us. So I have a C+ in the class and I'm like ok, I'm just going to switch out of this class because it sucks ass. I'm doing worse than I could be doing.

I look behind me, and my friend *HAS A
FUCKING HIGH B.* She complains about her fucking *bad* grades all the time and is like "oh I have horrible grades I have Cs ohhhhhhhh" DO YOU KNOW HOW IT FEELS WHEN YOU ACTUALLY DO HAVE A C AND YOU SAY Cs ARE REALLY BAD?? Come on! She says she has Cs in all of her classes but I would bet a trillion dollars she doesn't.

Same person. We are texting and I don't know how this happened but she says "I fucking pour my heart out to you and you just say 'lel'" (which I did say lel but I was talking about something else she had just said). Oh, *you're* the one pouring your heart out to me? YOU are? How about me, the guy who fucking watches you text all of your damn problems to me and I try to help you fix all of them because I genuinely want to?

Same person, again. Don't fucking whine about how no boys like you, and then say something like "ohhhhh this boy won't stop texting me" or "ohh this boy randomly kissed me when we were at a friends house" or "why did this guy touch my ass?" Seriously. *What. The. Fuck.* TAKE THE HINT. I have had a grand total of 0 girlfriends and have kissed a grand total of 0 girls. Don't fucking come whining to me about that shit when NO ONE does anything like that to me.

Ok. I just needed to get that out. These were the few annoying things she's done and we've known each other for like 3 years. She's still my friend, I just wanted to say all of this.