[Healthcare IT rant] Shit got real today. I'm fucking pissed.

Background info: [this rant](http://www.reddit.com/r/rant/comments/2irqd2/stop_fucking_insulting_me_and_the_work_i_do_when/)

So I come in Monday, and half the fucking shit on paper claims isn't billing properly. It's all shit that either got reverted (I DEFINITELY fixed block 28, ugh) or shit that was overlooked (this was my bad, everything needs billing groups in the software in order for block 33 to print). I get right on that shit and start fixing things along with updating rates whenever someone notifies me. No biggie. I'm a little irritated that half my work reverted somehow but I'll deal with that shit later.

So I'm working my ass off to make sure we get paid properly for all these things when the #1 pain in my ass biller shows up at my desk. She does good work but she seems to think that everything during an EMR switchover is just supposed to *work*. She has been a pain in the ass every step of the fucking way with this switchover and has been responsible for probably 80% of the shit-talking about my work.

She asks, all huffily, why secondary insurances are printing on primary claims. I'm immediately pissed off because a) she sounds like I've killed her cat and b) *I literally went over this with the fucking billers* ***last week***. The software can only print additional insurance on the form all the time or none of the time. Both are problematic because that info has to be on secondary claims, but not on primary, so either setting fucks the claim forms up. I explain this to her as calmly as I can even though she has done nothing but be hostile up to this point. I tell her that we can either white out shit on the primary claims or write shit in on the secondary claims, and that I'm working with the vendors to come up with a solution to this because the way it's set up in the software is really not acceptable. I can tell she's getting upset and so can the Billing Supervisor because she comes over to back me up.

This causes the pita biller to go off on a fucking tirade in front of me about the software. Billing Supervisor once again steps in telling her that I can't do anything more for the problem. She responds, as nastily as she can, "Like that's anything new."

You fucking cretin, I work my ass off fixing your fucking paper claims and you say I can't fix anything. NEWSFLASH, I'm not the only person who set this shit up, the work got split up so *if the problem is with a part that I didn't work on I can't fucking fix it. I have to TURN IT OVER TO THE GUY WHO DID THE SETUP.* This is so fucking easy to understand that even a small child could grasp it. I'm not fucking with his configs because I don't always fucking know what's going on in there. The LAST thing you want me to do is cock up something on a whim. Trust me, it's easier to just wait a few fucking minutes until I speak with the other guy on the project. When NEITHER of us can fix it and we have to go to the vendor, you shut the fuck up and sit down and FUCKING WAIT, IS IT THAT HARD? WE HAVE A TEMPORARY SOLUTION, WHITE IT OUT OR YOU WRITE IT IN. PICK ONE AND WE'LL SET IT UP JESUS FUCK

Basically, I saw red and I knew I'd say something awful if I didn't get the fuck out so I got up from my desk, said that I was taking a break because I wasn't going to deal with this abuse, and started shakily filling my infuser up with the strongest tea I had. Then I walked as calmly as I could to the breakroom while trying not to scream. IDK if the biller got chewed out but when I got back to the room she was gone. I hope the Billing Supervisor yelled at her. But probably not because it's a Monday and nothing nice ever happens to me on Mondays.

Anyways, I can't wait until our agency moves buildings because then I won't have to sit with the billers anymore. Then when I *very slowly* get back to their IMs, they'll fuckin wish I was in the room with them bending over backwards to fix their stupid shit again.