Racist piece of shit!

TL;DR - Is it normal for East Texas to be this racist and shitty?

Warning - Racist slurs. Not my words, though, and I don't agree with said slurs.

On Friday I'm driving home from school, feeling good because it's the weekend and I can put the week behind me. It's an hour drive (I go to Texas A&amp;M, but live 50 miles away in Huntsville), and the vast majority of that drive is a two lane highway.

Well, the inevitable happens, and there's an accident. Takes up both lanes, traffic is stuck in both directions. I'm both sad, because someone's day was seriously fucked up, and happy because sitting in traffic is a small price to pay for still being alive. So I text my fiancee, tell her what's going on, and keep listening to the audiobook I've been working through.

45 minutes later, I see some black guys walking towards the accident (which is really 6 cars ahead of me. I can see everything). They start chatting up the officers, and I decide that I could do with a stretch. I begin walking up front, and the guys start walking back. I chat them up for a second to find out what's going on, how long we can expect to make, and just offer the "thank God it's not us!" I start walking back to my car a little behind the black guys. This is kind of important, because I'm the one who is asked by not one, but two cars on my way back. Holy fuck, you didn't see the two guys ahead of me? They're the ones who talked to the cop, fucking ask them! Whatever, mental note made of the passive racists, go back to my car, chill out for about 10 more minutes.

Well, the guy in the car ahead of me decides it's time for a stretch. He begins to walk to me, obviously wanting to chat me up. I'm not feeling up to it, the audiobook's in the last hour and I want to finish it dammit. Anyways, he's older, probably in his 60's. He begins talking to me, and within five minutes I've got this guy pegged. He's grown up and lived his whole life in Huntsville. His world view doesn't go far, and I've racked up more experience with different people before the age of 10 than this guy has in his whole life.

For those who aren't up on their Texas geography (and fuck it, even those who are), Huntsville is a relatively small town in Eastern Texas, an hour north of Houston and 2 hours south of Dallas (and an hour east of College Station, of course). It's population is 38,000...the smallest of any place I've ever lived (I'm not from Texas. I grew up with an Army brat, then joined the Air Force. I've been everywhere). So, small town guy who hasn't ventured too far from where he went to high school. This is also a section of the country where slavery was a thing, and judging by his age, it's actually quite possible that he knew an older person back when he was younger that lived during that time. 

Within ten minutes, he's dropped the phrase "Jungle Bunny" twice, in reference to a teacher that recently quit his school (he's an administrator at the high school...and used to be the vice-principal). He also called Halloween the Devil's Holiday (the fuck? Whatever). When we inevitably got to Obama and how he hated the American people, he drops the bomb "I'm a Christian man who's going to heaven, but if I heard on the radio that that nigger got shot, I'd cheer". 

So much wrong with one statement. One, if I hear someone claim that they're going to heaven, I immediately think that they are a piece of shit. It's a little presumptuous to declare that yourself. I'm not the most religious person, but I do believe that there's a God, and I don't try to make his decisions for him. Two...dude, n-bomb. I don't even have to say just how wrong that is. Oh, and he outright said that Ebola was released here by Obama to kill us all.

Normally, my tolerance for bullshit like what this old dude was spitting is very low. I might come across as cold, brash, or an asshole, but most of that is because my bullshit tolerance is very low. I just don't have the time or patience. It's been bothering me the whole weekend that I let him go on and on. I know if I had shut him down, it wouldn't have done a damn thing. He's old, he's set in his asshole ways, nothing I said would have changed his mind, and he'd walk away with a story of some punk ass kid who gave him lip. Instead, he's probably talking up the veteran who's doing better for himself at his church. But still, it bothers me that I didn't tell him to shut the fuck up because I'm not buying what he's selling, which is what I would normally do. I promised my fiancee that I would be less brash, but I just don't think I can do it if letting wastes of air take my time is the result.

I wonder if I told him my fiancee was an Islander, and therefore not white, if that would have made him leave me alone quicker?