Good times

I moved out of state for a job after planning everything with my husband. First he was supposed to move with me, but over time the plan changed. Now I've been here alone since the second week of September. We were supposed to talk every day or Skype, but he never wants to. 

I know he is dealing with things at home. His father was diagnosed with dementia several months ago and given 2-5 years to live due to the rate of progression. His grandfather passed away last month and the family flew me in for his funeral. I know it's selfish, but I don't know what to do here. I love my job, but I don't know anyone here. I spend majority of my day alone. At work, I keep it together, but tend to cry for the rest of the day. Lately, I've felt like he is stringing me along. When I ask if he'll be coming soon, he  says he doesn't know. During one of our arguments, he told me he wasn't sure he wanted to come. We've since made up, but I still feel like he's there. We barely talk, he won't call... Plays video games with his friends instead. In our marriage, games have typically come first. Even played one on our wedding night. He's a decent guy, extremely introverted with pretty bad anxiety issues. But I was like that too. I've never been a confident person. I was emotionally and sexually abused until I was 18. He saw me through the end of it all and flew me out to live with his family after I turned 19. I love him with all of my heart. We don't have children, another sore subject. Discussed them before marriage, then the discussion stopped. He said he wasn't ready. We are barely even intimate now. Games always come first. I've been extremely depressed about this and have definitely packed on some weight.

All this to say... I'm just a burden. I'm damaged goods. I'm over 25 now, but I feel like such a waste of space. I'm successful at work, not making a ton of money, but enough to be comfortably. I have a handful of really good friends, though none are close by. I feel so empty. I've lost hope as far as him moving here and know that I will never be a mother.

I've contemplated suicide for the last week and that scares me. I've been a psych patient for years, but finally found my happy place several years ago. I know I've slipped a few times, but I haven't cut myself in years. I want to so badly right now. I am a danger to myself. I am a useless waste of space. I'm so tired of fighting. 

The new plan is for him to come mid January. I know it's close, but not enough so. Thanksgiving is coming and I'm days away from anyone I know. My birthday, Christmas, the new year. I can't do any of it. He's surrounded by our family, our friends, familiarity. I just can't. 

Coming up on the anniversary of my closest suicide attempt ever and I've lost my will to fight.