I just want somebody to listen.

You don't even have to reply if you don't want to. It's probably not worth it. I'm not killing myself any time in the near future, so you should move along to someone more needy.

Oh yeah, and if this thing starts to look familiar to you and you're a doctor who's reddit username starts with d and ends with y, GTFO. You know who you are and you know who I am.

I am in grade 10. I have anxiety disorder, or that's what a bunch of different doctors think, and I guess I agree. For some reason, it makes my brain's response to any stress at all (school stress, mom stress, other stress) be 'OH SHIT I GOTTA KILL MYSELF.' That's legit how it goes. "Girl at school is a jerk? She must hate me. Everyone hates me. I should kill myself." "I read something about Wayne Brady and Robin Williams. I should kill myself." "I don't feel good today. I don't have a reason for feeling bad. I don't want to be around people. I should kill myself. If I'm not around people, then people will think something's up because I'm not around people." That's not literally how my thought process goes, but it's the way that it works.

I'm happy most days, so I guess I'm normal in that respect. The problem is when I'm not happy, because if I'm not excited, doing some crazy fun shit, reading something funny, or something I'm really into, I'm suicidal. Which I'm not right now, thankfully, because I've calmed down enough that I'm not really either.

I have a list of reasons why I should not kill myself. There's some good ones in there. I don't want to kill myself because I don't want to hurt the people around me. But the really sad thing is that there's a couple of pages which are basically a list of Marvel movies and TV shows that haven't come out yet. I'm a huge MCU fan and I want to see ALL OF THE MOVIES. I guess that might be a normal thing but it's not normal if it's one of the main reasons you use to stop yourself from killing yourself...

There are a few ways to stop feeling bad, at least for a moment... they aren't all good. One of them is to listen to music and just concentrate on it... but that isn't always feasible and doesn't work for a very long time because while in that sad state every song kind of sounds like it's sad and in a minor key. Even if it isn't. I'm not sure how to explain that further.

The other... well... I tell myself that it doesn't count if it's just a scratch but I'm not actually sure.

I probably should have some sort of therapy but the last one I went to frowned all the time and didn't really know what to do, I think.

Sorry for wasting your time but I just need to vent at somebody because sitting on this shit is really fucking horrible and I want to punch something.

TLDR: whiny anxious bitch person wants your sympathy