I think I'm not suicidal, but I still want to die.

I don't know. I don't know what that means either. But after eight failed attempts, I know that my circumstances leave me in a position where I could never kill myself. I have a partner who would have difficulties finding love after my death. My mother is very mentally unstable and would only blame herself. My dad's drinking problem would escalate into unfathomable proportions. My little sister would be left alone and possibly instill some of her own suicidal thoughts. I understand the consequences too well. As myself, I can not be the causation of my own death. It is just not possible.

But I still really, really, really want to die.

Why? I just don't see life as a logical or necessary thing for me as a person specifically. I'm a young, naive, loud, American female. I do not contribute to the beneficial future of humanity. I should not have kids, nor want them. Realistically? I have nothing to offer society in my current and immediate position. I have my physical presence as a consumer spending money and keeping business afloat, but other than that...I don't see any benefits I can give to other people make this whole life thing worth it. 

I'll catch myself fantasizing about little things I could do to myself to eventually make it seem like a huge mistake. There is an infamous picture I saw on reddit awhile back where a mom accidentally put Coment cleaner on her family's spaghetti instead of Parmesan cheese. The bottles look eerily similar, and she joked about how she almost "killed her family". Well...maybe I could play the whole dumb American girl thing. No one would suspect otherwise. I'd be the joke death of the internet for about a month or so. "What a dumb girl, she deserved it" and "Natural selection at it's finest folks!" would be just some of the morbidly witty internet comments found on the news article announcing my death. But my family would think it's all a big mistake, and that's all that matters. Sometimes I'll drive "just a little" too fast on a freshly rained road. Sometimes I'll "forget" my reflective raincoat. I'm never reckless, or so I like to think, but I always manage to notice everyday occurrences that can be played off as a "terribly sad mistake". Sometimes, I consider more complex options. I've even been imagining hiring a hit-man to kill me. Get a disguise, find a guy, give them my real name and info, then sit back and wait. That way, my mother would think I was murdered, and would not blame herself. If the hit man was caught, I would have my faux identity in place to ensure my family never knew it was me. 

But I don't know. I really don't. It's been bottled up inside for about six months now and I finally put some words together to formulate my thoughts.

I don't want to be my own cause of death. But I still want to die, somehow, someway, someday soon. 