The world is treating me bad, misery

No throwaway because I'm lazy.

Hola, my name is...let's say for the sake of anonymity my name is Amy, I like using that a lot. I'm a 15-year-old American girl with wavy brown hair and glasses. I'm not pretty. Anyways, to my story. It may be long.

Hm...let me start this at second grade. So life was good when you were young, you hardly had a care in the world and could play all the time. I was happy, I smiled, I laughed. I had two loving parents and a 3-year-old sister. Life was good. I can't remember how, but I got a really cool friend named A. She had been held back a grade, but that was fine. I never really thought about her being older. In third grade she was put in the same classroom as me. I was ecstatic! There were some odd kids too, but whatever. It was all fun and games and shit until one day A didn't show up. Odd. Before I knew it, a week went by. Then the teacher told us the news. She moved away to another state. I was...devastated, to put it lightly. Why would she not tell me? Suddenly, it was like I had a reality check. Life is cruel, and everyone knows that. I stopped smiling, it hurt to try. On the last day of school, I took my school picture and put it in A's old locker.

Fourth grade, nothing had changed, really. I don't really have much recollection of that year except for one part. One day I was pulled out of class and taken to a hospital where I had to answer a lot of questions. It was confusing and weird. They said I had autism, social anxiety, and Asperger's syndrome. I didn't know what the hell that was. Fifth grade started, a.k.a. the worst year of my life. Let me just say there was always at least one person that disliked me. Bullying wasn't much of a surprise, of course. At one point I passed a note to my crush telling him what I thought of him, and he laughed and showed all his friends. What a doucheball. I still see the fucker sometimes. Sorry, I lose my train of thought. So I'm not sure what happened exactly, but I guess I got sad, angry, and confused on night. I had heard about something called cutting, but I can't remember where. But I looked around in the bathroom drawer and found a razor. I looked at it, wondering how it worked. I raked it down my arm, but nothing happened. I was confused, then pressed down harder. Finally I nicked myself, and let me tell you, that shit hurts like a motherfucker. I was just 11. I think I made one on my knee before saying screw it and went to bed. I hadn't liked it at all. But in an odd way, it kind of helped. I told people I scraped my wrist on a sharp corner of the bed. It scarred and I felt worse than before. I reopened it once, but that was the last time. I started looking up how to make a noose. It was too complicated and scary. I looked at the knife drawer  once, then stopped and went to school. One night I decided somehow it was over, and wrote a long note. I told everyone I loved them and it wasn't their fault. I asked them to give all my toys to my neighbor V and my sister. Then I stopped.

And realized what I was doing.

 I ran down the hall and started crying that I didn't want to live on this world anymore. I had a jerk psychiatrist that said I was making up wanting to harm myself, so he was gone. I tried to get help, and my parents locked up the medicine in the closet. It's still padlocked four years later. I got a new psychiatrist that was pretty nice and actually listened. I went to the middle school not long after. I saw and recognized a girl named E in gym. I was really quiet, even though we shared a locker. But I had a friend again, including S, who had never been to a public school. I hated running the mile. E always cheered me on and told me not to give up, and I never did. But there was a bully named M. He would kick, shove, and trip me. One day he said "Sit down." And I said "I don't take orders from you." The bell rang, and I started going to seventh period. M was way ahead of me, then he suddenly turned around and ran into me, and I fell on the ground. It hurt a lot. B, a sort of bully himself, helped me up, and yelled in his face. I went home a little early, and M was expelled for something a few months later. So life went back to normal. Seventh grade started, and I had an art class. I started drawing a little earlier and was happy.

Then I met...him.

J. We skyped a lot, and showed me he liked a Sonic The Hedgehog, too. I got him into things, and it was awesome. He always has liked older things not from our time, like The Beatles and They Might Be Giants, and California raisins. Then one day we were chatting and J asked if I found him attractive. I wouldn't forget that. I stopped, and thought for a little bit about how to respond. He said "Because I find you attractive...sorta..." Then J sent me the Beatles song And I Love Her (I choke up when that song plays on shuffle mode). He scared me really bad. I ran to my mom for help, and I wasn't sure what I thought of this. One time he facetimed me and had been crying because E rejected him. I was sad. I tried to tell J I liked Devin, and then E (I'm bi, deal with it), but he said I was making up excuses...I got mad that he didn't believe me. Then at the Christmas party, he tried to put his arm around me. I wasn't sure what to do at the time, so I let him. I remember J once asked me if I wanted to see Equestria Girls. I said no. Then more recently he asked about Back To The Future. I decided I would try. I was so scared... 
He tried to hold my hand, and I got nervous. We went to Wendy's, I still recall the song that was playing. I got jealous when you went out with someone. I couldn't understand why. Then it was like that quote from The Fault in Our Stars. "I fell in love with him the way you fall asleep. Slowly, then all at once." I went to J's house and it was awesome. I didn't want to admit I was having fun though, and was sad when I left. He kissed me on the cheek too, I almost died.  Then I finally did it and confessed by saying I love you in Italian, which is ti amo. I was sad when J stopped talking to me. This was going to end up like every other time, with rejection. We had also stopped FaceTime and chatting as much because he had band. He hurt my feelings really bad. I started having terrible thoughts again. And now I'm crying. Then he finally talked to me again. I was happy. I promised E I wouldn't tell, but she told me you two talked and stuff. You said you weren't ready. Bullshit. He was always so forward so I don't know what the heck is going on. I'm wondering "Does he like me or not?" all the time. 

I'm a freshman now, and doing okay with my grades. J is still a nut, but that's why I love him. People are still jerks. Then a few days ago, J...J...took out his phone and shoved a picture of him and his new girlfriend in my face. On purpose or not, that made me realize that there is no point. The only thing I am accomplishing is drawing, writing stupid fanfiction, learning Spanish, and having a YouTube channel for Let's Plays, like what Pewdiepie and Markiplier do. So I've started writing my notes. My parents, S, E, V, my Spanish teacher, and J will get one. I'm not certain how, but I'm most likely going to commit suicide soon. Maybe if I cut a vein in my arm, I'll bleed out. 

I just want to be happy.

I've forgotten if I can.

My name is Amy, I'm a 15-year-old American girl with wavy brown hair and glasses. I'm not pretty. 

And I have been dead for 4 years.

Thank you for reading. It means a lot. It means I accomplished something in this miserable life. I want you all to listen to the last thing I'll say on here. You say goodbye, and I'll say hello.



Hello, reddit.