Falling apart, here

So I've been in a downward spiral for almost a year now, and it's to the point where it's seriously killing me. I'll try to keep from being a windbag explaining everything...

I finished college a year ago with a degree I knew I'd never use, but to which I'd committed too much time to change. I took my final year studying abroad, hoping to find... something. Myself, I guess. Learn to love yourself and be content with where you are and all that. It... didn't work.

This time last year, I started to fall in love with my best friend. It was a big deal for me for multiple reasons. There's a lot to talk about there, but this isn't the place for it. I knew it was totally unrequited and wanted to move on, which led to mistake #1: I went and opened my mouth. I said, basically, "look, I know you don't like me but I like you more than either of us is comfortable with. I needed to tell you as part of letting that go, so that we can go back to being best friends again."

Yeah. Bad call. That relationship exploded, and while the initial (expected) rejection didn't hurt that much, the continued resistance has. We're no more than convenient acquaintances, and probably never will be. It's corrupted my relationships with my other friends, because there's not that many of us in the group. There's no real way to split the time and attention of our mutual friends.

No being a windbag. Going faster.

So here I am, living in my parents' basement living on my savings from living frugally in Japan. No job, my friends dwindling down to nothing, no prospects for the future. I do chores and help out on our family farm and hate it every second, but I know it's not the work - it's the lack of satisfying purpose. It'd be the same anywhere, I'd just have more disposable income. I have a hard time with the idea of 'get out and do something, you'll feel better' - I doubt I'll feel much better if I don't have any more interest in doing whatever thing than what I'm doing now. I'd at least like to *want* a different life, but I can't come up with a desirable concept to work towards.

I try to make things right with my friends, but I can't be the kind of friend they need; it's been long enough that they just get pissed off that they can't help me, and I can only wear a happy mask for so long. I try to make new friends but find that I really just don't like most people that much. I try to pick up hobbies or do things I used to enjoy, but 80% of what I enjoyed was the people I was with, apparently. I try to work out but my pathetic weakness just makes me hate myself more. I want to go on dates but know it's not right to go looking for a partner when you hate yourself enough to want to kill yourself (recipe for dependence, obsession, and disaster, that).

I don't know. I don't even know why I'm typing this, it's so much more complicated than a reddit post has room for. Talking doesn't solve anything, anyway. It postpones, at best; at worst it makes things worse. I was going to shoot myself two months ago, but my friend talked me into giving it some more time... he put some time back on the clock but it's never stopped ticking. That's gone, now, too. I'm not going to act tonight or anything, but the clock is still ticking. I need something to change before it hits zero.

So there you go. I don't know what to do, everything I try just fails. I don't have the willpower left to get up every day and just force myself to not dwell on the bad, and I can't distract myself enough to keep my brain shut down all the time.

I don't anticipate many people reading this whole thing, much less having anything helpful to say. But thanks for your time.

tl;dr I'm running out of people in my life but can't just replace them, hate my current reality but can't imagine anything being any better, and fail at taking it 'one day at a time' because I fail at whatever I try that day. Not in immediate danger but have a definite cut-off date if things continue as they are.