I'm losing control of my actions sometimes - "anxiety attacks" and obsession (x-post from r/depression)

I've posted this in r/depression but probably it's better to post this here. 

From some time ago, I'm constantly felling down. I think I have some kind of psychological disease or something. here is the thing: I was already felling down because of some things that happened during the year that I will not specify, and in the summer I had some tumor in my breast that I thought for some months that was cancer. turned out that it wasn't, but i was in a big stress because I was in erasmus, doctors couldn't speak English and nobody explained me what was going on with the tumor. I've come back, I've done the examinations needed and all was better then I thought. after that, my situation is becoming worst. Resuming, I'm constantly working for university, like 12 hours a day, and I'm always sad, and lonely and ALWAYS tired. even so I sleep more that normal, but I'm always sleepy. I have a boyfriend that tries to help, but he couldn't do more. now, the thing that really worries me is that sometimes I have some anxiety attacks or something. i start shaking, crying, not breathing well. and I can not stop that, really can not! this happened many times, and know I found a pattern in this. not always, but most of the times, this happens when I'm late for something, even if it's not so important to be on time. so i think I'm obsessed with hours and I don't know why. besides this, when I'm stressed and anxious, i found myself thinking in how could be to have a car accident or to hurt myself somehow (some kind of suicidal thoughts and so). I try desperately stop thinking about that but I can not. Also, in my attacks I feel really anger and I've once tried to hit my boyfriend when he tried to hug me. I can't control this and my fear is if this happen when I'm with unknown people or if I hurt my boyfriend :( I know I need a psychologist, but when I'm ok, I found difficult to convince myself that I'm not well and that I will lost control again. Also, I'm afraid to get diagnosed with something really bad. I'm trying to figure out what this is. I know that is not only depression in psychological diseases, but it's the first thing anyone thinks about, I think. What should this be?

EDIT: Maybe it's helpful to know that I have hypothyroidism. when I was diagnosed with breast tumor, my hypo was not controlled, but by now, with adjustments in medication, it should be.

**TLDR: I have some kind of "panic attacks" and cannot control that, motivated by a nonsense obsession. I'm worried about my thoughts about hurting myself. I'm freaking out about all this :(**