I don't really even know anymore.

At this point, I kind of want to end my life.  

My problem is, I'm not completely sure why. I've been depressed, easily broken and just incredibly upset and angry or just giving up over the smallest of things. This is pretty new for me. And I have NO FUCKING IDEA WHY. My life is.. ok? My eyesight is in the shitter, basically blind without my glasses at my point, and that causes plenty of anxiety. I have people I socialize with irl, not friends. The people I considered friends, I voluntarily abandoned recently - a week or so ago. I really, really regret it. A couple of people from that circle are my rolemodels at this point and they were incredibly supportive, even though they have went through far worse. I'm not sure I want to go back at all. I truly do regret that decision, but it'd be kind of shitty to flip around and come back to them, leaving them worried and upset earlier and just trying to play it off as if nothing happened.  

My relations with my family are.. Strained. I'm a teenager, mind you. My brother and I, we don't really acknowledge each other's existence anymore. As if the other was nothing. My dad is really disappoitned in me. I'm not good at sports that aren't lifting shit while my brother was incredibly good at pretty much all sports. I used to study well, but I kind of gave up on it. Completely. My mum, she basically doesn't exist either. All she does is read her motherfucking magazines or play shit on her ipad.  

Most of the people I considered friends irl, after seeing how fucked my mood is pretty much all the time and how apathetic or upset I was with almost everything, they drifted away too.  

The people from that circle of true friends, they seemed to kind of give up too. We didn't speak much anymore because I wasn\t talkative anymore, and when I did want to speak it was either fucked up shit like talking about my problems, depression, or suicidal thoughts, or they kind of shrugged it all off and didn't care.  

I guess at this point, the only actual light in my life is the girl I like and I suspect she likes me back too, but that's for another time I guess.  

I'm not sure I'd have the balls or the things needed to off myself quickly and relatively painlessly. I don't know. I don't know anything anymore, and I do try to stay positive. It's just really hard to keep the happy mask from breaking. I guess I just needed to rant, I haven't talked to pretty much anyone in over a week and shit is thrusting me down.  

And I know these problems I said aren't worth shit in comparison to other people's posts, so please, go look out for the people who need the real help. I only need someone to chat with me, or just be a kind person.  

But oh well. I suppose it's time to go to bed. night.