I wrote this to myself. It might feel better letting someone read it, though. Here you go, in the faith of anonymity.

I sit here playing Farming Simulator… alone. On a virtual voice chatroom made for gaming called Teamspeak. My family, 1000 miles away in a city I wish I could be, right now. I don’t know if I’ve done something I probably regret now… but, this is just a, spur of the moment, type of document to myself. I’ve lived to see my beautiful daughter be born. A new spur of life that I helped create that cries and poops and now smiles. Unfortunately, I can’t hold her… I can’t touch her…. I can’t get upset for being woken up to feed her. I wish I could… I’m married to a beautiful girl. The most beautiful girl I have laid my eyes on. I never thought I’d get married, let alone at 22 years old. It was the greatest thing that’s happened to me. Of course, we had our ups and downs, which probably has helped lead me to this document. I won’t call this a letter, because I have no intentions of anyone actually seeing it. But, some people really don’t have the intention until it’s really too late… The past caused a lot of issues. I never thought I could feel anymore broken hearted then I did in those days. I had what I wanted back then and it all was messed up by two different people… I blame them for my life turning dark. Not my wife either. She knows who I am talking about. Getting masted for being late to work… being constantly lied to during those times and being the target of hatred by a superior being, who has been given the right to lead young and maturing adults and who was given the right to affect their lives – and it wasn’t in the good way either.   

I just want out. I want my family here. I want to hold my baby girl. All of those things, I can’t achieve. I racked up so much debt that ultimately, it’s hard for me to get out of at this point. But, I try. I can’t cry and most of the time, my smile is fake. I can’t genuinely laugh and what makes people laugh so hard they cry, makes me wonder what is so funny about it. I want to find things funny again. I don’t know how. I’ve tried the therapist way… I can’t take medication, because ultimately, that will affect my future career path. I don’t want to be “clinically” depressed. I don’t want that shit. I just want to be alive again. I want to be human again. I’m not alive… I’m not human… I’m not something someone wishes to be. I wish I was good looking, not to pick up girls, but so I didn’t have to hear about it from other people. I wish I was seen as a smart person… I wish people could just get along. 

I don’t have the friends I had back in the day. My best friend doesn’t even call me or answer my calls for that matter. I listen to The Temptations – I wish it would rain, because that is what I feel. Why can’t it just rain… But if I could cry, then maybe that’d help. I’m not a motivated person. In fact, I could probably sleep all day and be content with life as it is. 

Why can’t life be easier and why can’t it be better? Why did I decide to sign a contract TWICE holding me in captivity in a “job”? It’s not a job. I’ve never called it a “job”, because ultimately, you sign a contract giving your life away. You do what they tell you. You are supposed to... You took the oath, remember? You did this to yourself. You pushed the chances of being with your family away. It’s all your doing… 

I just want to hold my daughter. I want to kiss my wife. I want to live a normal life, but I cant. 
