I'm so scared and I don't know what to do with myself.

I've had this feeling for around 4 years, since the second year of gymnasium. I'm constantly scared and I feel an enormous pressure on myself. 

I'm always sad, even though I try to put on a mask in front of everyone the truth is that I'm never actually happy. I've made so many huge mistakes in my life and I don't know where to start for me to repair them.

I've recently started working, in a fast food chain since thats the only place who would hire me. I'm constantly feeling regret taking that job and the entire time I'm there im thinking of ways to get out of there, whether it being me hurting myself or fake calling in sick. A lot of times I think of just jumping off the nearest building, ending this constant feel of anxiety and stress.

This is what scares me the most, if i can't handle a job like this, what else are there for me out there? Where am I going to find a job that I can sustain myself and live the life that I want?

But, I've pretty much made up my mind. I've been applying for a lot of schools for the next semester, and if I don't manage to get in on one of them I'm afraid that's it for me. I can't live in a world where I lack both the things that are required for getting a job nowadays, which are merits or contacts. And being incredibly introverted and having social anxiety like I have, i feel like I don't have the social skills to maintain a longlasting relationship.

I need help, I'm too afraid to say anything to my parents, since they'll think I'm just overreacting. I only have one friend to talk to and we haven't really talked for a couple of weeks, and not having that kind of relationship that we can discuss our feelings.

I feel so trapped, literally the only advice I've got is "endure it". "Just get this done and you'll move up in the world" 
I can't. I just can't. I feel like I'm so lost and so lonely. If this feeling of being uneasy with literally everything and constantly stressed don't go away soon I'll go completely insane.

Hopefully someone has some advice that they can give me, if not, I'll seek professional help as a last option. I would do it sooner but I feel like the sadness that I'd bring upon the family having someone mentally instable would cause more harm than good in my case.