I want to help my girlfriend but I don't know how

Tuesday was a very bad day for her. She got in an arguement and got very depressed. She then said that she had a plan to kill herself. Me (who lives 3 hours away) and her best friend (who lives 6 hours away) were trying everything short of calling the police. Luckily she made it through the night but unfortunately the next day was still bad. She sent me a text that drove me into panic mode. I called her psychiatrist and the community college she goes to. They sent someone to escort her to their counseling services. They told me she seemed fine when they did. 

Me nor her friend heard anything from her. Her friend texted my gf's sister who said she seemed happy. I texted my gf a few times that night and yesterday only to not hear back until this morning. She called me. She sounded so very tired and weak. She didn't talk much and told me she didn't know what to say. I told her to take her time and talk to me when she was ready.

She called me again about an hour later and finally she talked. SHe got very angry sounding at one point. I kept telling her to get help and she said it wouldn't matter. She's had a very rough childhood. A dad who physically and verbally abused her and her sister. Their mother also faced some abuse but she did nothing about it. Her mom has always been neglectful of her emotional needs. Nobody says "I love you" in her house. They aren't allowed to be angry or sad. Her mom and her sister tell her that she is ugly and they point out all of these "flaws" with her. She believes them. She believes she is a bad person who is ugly and deserves all the abuse she has suffered. 

I think she knows that she needs to go to the hospital for help but she doesn't think it will help (or at least she says that). Then she rationalized that she has too many things going on like school and work to stop and go to the hospital. I don't know what to do or how to help anymore. I've listened and tried to make her feel better as much as I can. She can go to my house and stay with my mom (who is aware) for a few days if she needs to. She also has an aunt and uncle who would more than welcome her and look after her if she needed them to. I know for a fact that she needs to be away from her house right now. Her mom seriously walked into her room last night and showed her an "article" about why suicide is bad because it will cause you to go to hell. That has to be the most unhelpful thing in the history of unhelpful things.

I don't really know why I'm posting other than to get some sort of advice on what me or her friend should do.