I'm incredibly stressed and always in my head.

hey guys. I've made a throwaway for this post because I wouldn't like anyone close to me know what's going on.

In the beginning I said people "close to me".
The problem with this is that I don't really have any. The really fucked up part about all of this is that I have a fuckin awesome life. I have loving parents, siblings that love me, and a very large family that I live near. But there's just something about me which makes me not want to, or even afraid to tell my family or friends what I'm thinking and what's really going on in my life. I'm in high school, and I just moved from the town I had lived in for 14 years to a different town not to far away from me. I literally know no one. Every day for the past year, I've been in my head constantly and not talking to anyone. Im fucked. I've been contemplating suicide for a while now, but never actually did it. 

The only thing stopping me from doing it is thinking about how my parents would feel if I died and how much pain it would cause them. 

Also, my grades declining. I'm smart but don't put in the effort to do homework or work on projects. For some reason I can't do things to help myself.

My parents have been expecting me to join the school swim team which is incredibly hard and requires strength and endurance that I don't have. I hardly even like swimming, although my parents don't know that because I never tell them anything. If I do tell them, my father will force me to do it and it will make me even more depressed. I may sound like a child based on that last sentence, but I'm actually 16 and that's how my dad has always been. 

I've also contemplated doing drugs to help me relax about everything. But who am I kidding? That's not a permanent solution and will eventually result in me dying a painful death or losing the support of my family. 

I have no hope for the future. I know that my grades will be consistently c's and b's which will make my parents not like me even more.

I can't take being in my head anymore, but if I try to talk nothing comes out right. Please help me.

The worst part of it all is that I know I'm a wimp because people have much worse lives than me and go day to day without thinking about suicide. Yet I have an awesome life and want to end it.