My darkness has arrived again

You can always tell when he's coming. The darkness doesn't just show up unannounced. You may feel him lurking for days, weeks and sometimes even months. The longer it takes for the darkness to arrive, the worse his destruction. The more destruction he does, the harder you have to work to come to the surface. You know this, and you have always made it out alive. However, his arrival isn't any more pleasant or welcome than it has been before.

You think about talking to someone. But the medicine they give you makes it hard to feel like yourself. You feel happy, but you are a robot. You can concentrate, but everything feels too planned, too precise. You have energy, but you find yourself organizing your closet at inappropriate times. You can repaint an entire house in a weekend. When the darkness comes, you can still go to work. You get the things done that you need to. You go about everyday life like the darkness is normal. You still function. But inside, you feel like hell. Your smiles are fake. You wear headphones all day to avoid socializing. You look forward to going home, getting drunk and crawling in bed.

No one understands you. Your family doesn't believe in mental illness, as if it is something that wouldn't afflict you if only you believed in their god. The friends that you have managed to keep over the years have tried to help you. They know of the darkness that you suffer from, they just don't get it.  They offer you a place to sleep while you adjust to you meds again. They make you toast at 4 am to settle your stomach and take away the nausea. They offer to go with you to meet with your psychiatrist. They take you to the ER when there is nothing left for you to do but weep. They hold your hand in your worst moments, begging you to see the good in life. Begging you not to kill yourself.

But over time, your friends get exhausted by your darkness. You see their engagement photos and birth announcements. Suddenly, they have a family to take care of. You can no longer spend sleepless nights on their couch. You're 26 goddamnit, you should have your life together. But you don't. And he is to blame. You had dreams, but he took them.

And then, suddenly, without explanation you are great. Your medicine starts working, so as a trial, you stop taking it. Success! You excel at your job. You feel great for days, months, weeks, years. You see your friends and you are involved with their children. Your family invites you over for dinners again.

And then one day, you feel him. You feel his gentle pull. You get a hint of his sadness. You know who it is, and you tell him to fuck off. You know how he works, and you won't let him bring you down again. But then you have a drink. And then you get drunk. And then you get drunk every night. You get to a point where you can't make it through a day without the reward of a drink at the end. But you can go to work every day, and you can still take care of yourself. So you feel like he hasn't won. He doesn't have complete control.

And then one day, you wake up and you hate everyone that you work with. And slowly, you begin to hate your job. Your dream job. The job you have studied for and worked so hard to get. And you hate your boyfriend. You feel like he is being unfair by asking you to get help. So you rationalize that a change of place will make all of the pain go away. And you move. You uproot yourself and your cat, you move to another state. But everything there is still dull. But for some reason, you feel better when you drink.

You meet a guy. You think he's great. He takes you out, and god, is he ever good in bed. You think someone can finally love you. But he doesn't. He doesn't care about you. And he doesn't care about your darkness. He tells you that you are crazy, just like your friends and family. Just like your doctor.

Finally, your darkness is at full force. There is nothing left for you in life. You imagine your death. Slow. Peaceful. Painless. Or maybe with pain. You're a scientist, so you think about the many chemicals you can steal from the lab to end your life. To sink you into an deep, never-ending sleep. You think about slitting your wrists in the bathtub. You get creative and tie a noose around your neck.

But just as you are about to pull the trigger, the cat comes into the bathroom. The fucking cat. He rubs up against your arm, immediately purring at your presence. And suddenly, you realize that life isn't really all that bad after all.

But then again, this darkness is depression we are talking about. And he tells me that I deserve to die. So who really knows how long my cat will be able to save me?