What to do

Bad at expressing words in sentences going to make a list:

1. Lazy
2. Scared
3. have only 1 friend who i only know in school and online have never hung out outside of
4. transgender too scared to pursue help for
5. diagnosed social anxiety - never got treatment
6.  17 years old
7. hardly passing high school
8. only hobbies i do because i have nothing else to do they do not bring me any joy
9. bisexual - sorta in love with only friend who does not feel same way about me gender identity matches their sexual identity but cant see through what i physically am
10. cause hardly passing school and hate school don't want to pursue more school cause i hate it, am scared of the debts
11. feel like i could be happy if i could just have a stable life and be able to afford food, a roof, and a computer
12. too scared / lazy for #11 to seem reachable
13. know professional help would probably be best
14. too scared too talk to my mother or anyone about pursuing help
15. recent parent divorce family doesn't matter anymore mother is just like a tool to help me do life stuff - economic support / driving me places
16. feel like life was wasted up to this point stuck in a body that doesn't match my gender identity
17. lazy / scared of people enough to think that dying would be a better solution
18. feel like things could be better but i just can't achieve them so suicide is my option
19. only time I've ever come close to coming out with my problems to someone was my school counselor and i burst into tears from shyness and left under a panic attack
20. looking for a clean non-painful way to die because im scared of the pain of actually taking my own life
21. think everyone in school thinks i'm literally retarded because i never talk to anyone and probably act like a fucking serial killer to prevent people talking to me because i'm too scared to talk to people  even though i love talking to the people i know like my brother or mom or friend think i'm like the most talkative person ever

(sorry for jumbled list in no specific order while some things should have been said before other things i'm bad at this)

I'm looking for some sort of advice as to what possible thing would be less painful than ending my own life / if nothing what is the most painless way one can take their own life?