I called a suicide hotline. I explained my situation, but after half an hour they sort of pushed me off. I am 28, never had a girlfriend, giving up my dream job. I'm very lost

I tried to explain as much as I could in the title.  I have been having a terrible few weeks, I called a few suicide hotlines.  I thought they could help, maybe I just happened to have a few bad experiences, but they really didn't do much.  I explained everything about me, and they just sort of told me to stay positive, try to get help elsewhere, don't give up hope.. things I know I should do, but I can't seem to be able to stick with.

I posted earlier on here.  Essentially, I can't find a job in my field once I graduate with my PhD.  I can get a job, so I can't complain too much.  But it will be something I could have gotten 6 years ago, without graduate school.  And it will be something I am not passionate about, as my current research has been the focus of my life for the past decade.

That alone, isn't the worst thing.  I could, in theory, handle a normal job, if I had other things in my life to make me happy.  Hobbies, a relationship, the chance to start a family.  But I'm 28 now, and I've been dating for awhile.  As in, many dating sites, singles events, just talking to women, for 3 or 4 years.  Before that, at 24, I didn't care about relationships, but nothing ended up happening.  So I tried, and it didn't work. Maybe I'm not attractive, or a slob, or a jerk or something. I don't know.  I don't know if its fixable... but I no longer have the motivation to try.  I just want this all to stop.

But all of that together, it's just too much.  I'm alone, I don't have many friends.  I've haven't been able to find a relationship, and it's made me feel lonely for years.  I've lost my confidence, my motivation.  I have to give up my dream job, the only really good thing in my life.  It really was keeping me going.  Even if everything else was crashing around me, and I felt absolutely awful, at least I had that.  And now I don't.

I mean, tonight was terrible, but after calling two more suicide hotlines, and feeling I was brushed off... I gave it my best try,  I really just want to go to a local hospital, that I know specializes in organ donation.  Write a note to the receptionist, tell her not to open it for a bit.  Then go to the restroom, shoot myself in the head.  Damage all the higher nervous tissue, not the brain stem.  Brain death, not cardiac death.  Then make my wish to donate my organs known.  You can save up to 8 lives through vital organs, and improve many more with secondary tissue donation.

I've thought about ending it for a few weeks now, and I really have made a good-faith effort to explore all my options.  In the end, I couldn't find any reason to keep going.  I really think I'm done, just a few things to finish up.  I'm sorry everyone.