It's been tough lately and I need some help, any suggestions are welcome

So I've been feeling incredibly isolated and realise I need to reach out to someone who can understand without the pressure of the weight of guilt if they don't manage to 'save me'.

I've been depressed for at least 7 years now, though as long as I can remember I've always been somewhat like this. Long story short my mother spent my childhood shunning me and berating me. My earliest memory is of waking up in the middle of the night to find her screaming and threatening to kill my dad with a knife. Before you ask, no he was not an abusive man, he was the one actually being abused.

Me and my dad are close but he also has depression and has meant on occasions that he has abandoned me (metaphorically) in attempt to try and find reasons for him to carry on. He is in good shape now but I don't want to speak to him about this as it would crush him to know.

Bullied throughout childhood and teenage years, even by strangers on the street just yelling some not great things at me.

Fast forward to the not so strapping lad of 24 years old I am today. I've attempted suicide a few times, most recently 2 weeks ago. I was released from hospital and I'm currently awaiting psychological assessment. Problem is in this time that I've been signed off from work in that time as I pretty much can't handle anything right now (pathetic, I know). I'm struggling to give my life any meaning from day to day.

I spend a lot of my time fantasising about, and trying to motivate myself to end my life. Even during mundane things, like having a bath, trying to get the nerve to drown myself, taking some painkillers (I have injury issues with sport) why not take the whole pack and the other few packs, crossing the road and wanting to stop in the middle of it.

Obviously I can't share this with my closest friends and girlfriend, it would crush them, but I need to be able to make it from one day to the next right now. If you have any suggestions that you have found helpful in the past or things that have been helpful for somebody you know, please comment.

Inevitably somebody will think this is for attention, but I just want to turn my life around and be able to enjoy myself like I could just a couple of months ago, right now I'm consumed by self loathing.

I've always lurked on Reddit before and never posted, so if this breaches some guidelines please let me know and I'll edit it