It needs to end.

OK reddit, by the time I'm done writing this, I will have turned 18. But it's not all sunshine and rainbows, these 18 years have been terrible to me. My entire life has been a failure to me. I've had no success in my life at all. Anytime I think I'm getting a lucky break, it usually ends up being a façade. Ever since the sixth grade, my life has been terrible shit. My parents haven't gone at least a week without fighting about either money, or how shitty there job is, yet they refuse to look for new ones. My sister think she's the queen of everything, requiring me to give basically my right kidney to her, I've thought about strangling her multiple times. When it comes to school, my GPA is terrible. I lost all motivation to put in a bit of effort into high school at this point, because one great semester of high school doesn't make up for three terrible years. And to be honest, high school is not for me. I hate most of the people there, out of two thousand kids that go there, I can only really like about five of them. The teachers there are just there to hand out A's to anyone with a pretty smile, or whoever has the best parental connections to the school. 


I own two non clothing items to my name; a flat screen that I fixed myself, and the phone that was given to me by my grandmother. My mother takes ownership for everything she has given to me, even if I purchased it myself, she still claims ownership. I've applied for twenty jobs in the last year, and I've gotten hired to none. I want move out so bad, and leave this hellhole I call a home.


In my life, I've had no one outside of my family say that they love me. No one has ever wanted to datee, my five "friends" barely ever talk to me, and if they do, its to brag about something I own. 


And you know what, I don't want to continue living. I don't want to live in a hellhole where I work nearly the same schedule for the next 30 years. Life has been a depressing reality that we're all forced to live.