Not enough of a coward

When I was a kid I didn't have many friends.  I was diagnosed with Adhd, high functioning autism, and aspergers.  But really it isn't that bad I was just an awkward kid.  I was bullied some, but it was never that bad, mostly I just didn't have many friends.  My family for the most part has their shit together.  When I graduated high school I had a full scholarship to some college 400 miles away. I didn't know anyone. I was homesick. I would drive home every other weekend because I was lonely.  I only lasted one semester, and I spent most of my time playing online poker instead of going to my classes.

Poker. I started playing poker in high school... For like 20$, I'd almost always lose, but I didn't really mind too much, it was fun and I found myself with some friends I met through poker.

I have worked several part time jobs that my dad has hooked me up with. Some of them I had real opportunities to make something of myself but I was always too fought up in my own addictions. In high school it was really starcraft 2 more than poker, but after high school, poker took over. Oh, sorry, I also failed community college for a couple years while working and being addicted to starcraft and poker. Any money I made at my job would go straight to poker. By the time I was 22, I was a pretty decent player.  I had a couple runs at the casino where I would win and lose about 5000$ over the course of a few months. Me and my parents both agreed I should move out.  I had money, so I did.  Since then I have supported myself off poker.  A few months ago I won 25000$ grinding 2/5 nl in the casino mostly,  but a good chunk of that was won at craps. I'm 24 now, and probably a year or so ago I became addicted to craps. It's actually a pretty decent investment compared to other house games but I have managed to lose probably 40k$ at it, pretty much all my disposable income and a couple bankrolls.  I also run a poker game where I have consistent income if I go broke. But lately that hasn't been going well, and I lost all the 25000 at craps and blackjack 2 months ago.  I was very depressed even before I lost it, but it really makes me feel stupid. But hey, I'm a degenerate gambler. For some reason I'm proud of being a degenerate gambler, which is really unhealthy.

So yeah, iv had a lot of suicidal thoughts since losing my biggest bankroll ever 2 months ago.  Iv had suicidal thoughts over girls who didn't want to have sex with me.  Lately I'm becoming an alcoholic.  Its really bad I can go a day or two without drinking but I probably drink like 40 drinks a week on average.  I live off fast food. Been trying to exercise some but I'm lazy. That's the real problem. I'm a lazy piece of shit. Smart enough to win at a card game and take other people's hard earned money so I don't have to have a real person type life scenario.  Not that poker is easy or fun. I Fucking hate poker it's extremely soul sucking. It's very hard for me to put in hours, I feel burnt out.

Sorry if life stories aren't acceptable here. Truthfully, if I didn't have a family that raised me and loves me I really would just kill myself. But that would be very selfish and cowardly. But I still might do it... I just need the right combination of weakness to occur..