Why I may need to end it by spring

1.    I had come to Ireland this fall as a visiting student, using the combined available loan funds of spring and fall to cover the higher fall cost, believing I had the same funding I did freshman year. It wasn't until it was too late that I learned that a significant amount of my funding was only for the freshman year. 

    I will only be able to receive scholarship and loan funding after my grades have been transferred overseas. What will I do if they don't come before the spring payment deadline? What if I flounder in this academic environment and lose my scholarships? I can imagine a life of going into the trade school or the military but being clouded in the shame of failure and the feeling that I don't have what it'd take.
    What money I can get may only cover tuition, in which I'd need to make 30 minute drives back and forth, likely 5 times a week. Any 8 or 9 am class will require me to come in sweatpants with baggy eyes and a stench of shit. I don't know how bad any long gaps between classes in a day will be, but it could be insanity inducing if I don't know how to deal with that.

2.    It's strange to believe in the manosphere theory of modern unhappiness being caused by modern comfort yet still catastrophizing and planning suicide over the thought of working and taking full-time engineering courses simultaneously, let alone whatever else I attend to (exercise, socializing, girls, family, diet). 
    I was able to go through freshman year without working but with the accusations of "being spoiled" looming over my head from my unpredictable and explosive mother I must work in the spring no matter what. Between minimum wage and higher-level work there'd be a noticeable difference in quality, but working in either way will bring about noticeable stress. I imagine myself popping amphetamines to stay up and stay focused, copious amounts of weed to pad the stress and compensate for the loss of appetite, and depressants to sleep at the end of it all. I also imagine how much it'd cost to take that much and how much I'd need to have for everything else I'll have to pay for.
    I've already felt a subconscious entitlement to entertainment and tools of procrastination which has already been hurting my college performance. How much worse will it be when there's more work to be done and more stress to run from? 

3. Ever since my clinically depressive symptoms begin in February I've become drastically isolated from the world. By the end of high school I had gladly adopted the path of "a bridge to all shores" that had some capacity to coexist and interact with every (non-black) group in school to where I did not have to fall under any category, even if I did play video games daily. This was all possible because of the periods before and after classes and the sports you could play without being pro-level that allowed you to interact with the whole population around you and develop a lot of mutual familiarity. 
    Now in college you can attend your courses without the distractions caused by those who didn't want to be there, choose what to take and when and where to go but lack an environment that's automatically conductive to unforced interaction. I found myself going to class as close to the starting time as I could get away with, getting up and out back to my room or to a food source as soon as it was over without saying a word to anyone who wasn't an employee without some sort of occasional extenuating circumstance. 
    At the end of high school I had started attending house parties and such and enjoyed it but by college everyone attended frat parties because it was already set up for them. I hated going to them because of the feeling that I couldn't relate to the guys I didn't know or "open" the girls that fancied my eye in the loud drunken environment and that I was somehow expected to get a girl to dance on me and fornicate with her later while hardly ever being heard. At house parties I could smoke weed and with that I could ignore the ego-based requirement of male society to work up my notch count. I could get shit-faced drunk at parties but the induced drunkenness just doesn't feel right. 
    On the opposite end there are the others who are into engineering, video games and internet memes but their lack of drug acceptance and willingness to accept a life of masturbating to porn for the rest of their lives feel like irreconcilable differences. This left me with the drug dealers who weren't going to frat parties, and that had it's own issues obviously. 
    It seems predictable to hear "It's not so bad!" if I were to say that I'm a nineteen year old who has gone two years without a girlfriend but in college, which is supposedly a man's best period for his sex life I can't help but all the thousands of dollars of cost don't involve success in such a fundamental area of life. Right now being in a foreign country accentuates that, where a foreigner is supposed to have an advantage by that virtue. There's so much simple advice that may be true but it doesn't feel like enough. "Be confident" "Work out" "Dress well" "Don't put her on a pedestal" "Swing your shoulders, puff out your chest, and stand tall when you walk" "Go to social gatherings like dancing or interest-based groups where you will meet women and friends naturally", etc. 
    I feel I can't speak my mind because my views take too long to explain or aren't politically correct enough. I feel I can't listen to the music I want to around other people because it seems nobody else does (which is more important when driving around and being high). 

    I've hoped that I could be a philosopher or a monk of sorts so I could excuse myself from the world of social and sexual success but I find myself never following through and meditation and only just recently starting to document my political beliefs based on alternative-right ideas. 
   None of these things alone would be enough alone to make me want to go, but compounding and compiled pressure seems like a predictable and irreconcilable doom.



