I need someone to understand.

I've been here a few times before, and I've said all of the same shit before, mainly just venting. I don't think I ever managed to put what I really meant to say into words though, and I think I've done it now. For this post I'm going to forget about any other problems that I have and just focus on the being alone part of my life, and I just hope someone could understand. I don't, and never have ever had a boyfriend. Biologically I'm male, so I guess that makes me gay. I'm hideously ugly, and I also have bowel issues that would prevent me from having sex, unless I was a top, but really I guess I could put that slightly above having sex with a girl in a list of things that I could never do in life and still die content. What doesn't make that list is being alone, and inevitably dying alone.

I know people say that there's someone for everyone, and I guess they might be naive enough to believe it. I know there isn't anyone for me though. If I could get someone that could get past the fact that I'm ugly as fuck, then they'd either have to be ugly themselves. I couldn't love someone like that if I didn't find them physically attractive. Call me a piece of shit. I don't expect good looking people to settle, I just don't want to be fucking ugly. Anyway, imagine that I some how found some magic guy who I had a mutual attraction with, then it all falls apart because of this sex thing. I asked a lot of people on r/sex a while ago if they  could have a relationship without sex, and I'm not joking when I said 99 percent of the responses were no. I also spoke to my friend about this and they said that they wouldn't like it and they would hate that they couldn't have that "closeness" without it. That's something that I guess I want more than anything, and if I can't have that, have any real intimacy with a person then I basically just have a good friend. I can never get what I desire the most. Have the most basic of human experiences.

Maybe I have a good film, or a good video game once in a while to look forward to, but what kind of life is that? The only milestone that I can hit in life is finishing it. I'm not looking for answers or even advice, I just need another person to tell me that they understand why I want to fucking die, to tell me it's okay to let go. I don't know if I'll do it tomorrow, or in ten years, but I know that one day I'm going to kill myself. There's no other way to stop how I feel than not being alive. I doubt anyone will tell me that, and I'm sorry if I've wasted your time again. I don't think I'm going to be posting on here again though. 