Help: My wife came back from abroad in a dangerously psychotic state, I'm clinically depressed and getting really desperate.

Hopefully this will be the last time that I post about my wife and how she's emotionally assassinating me, and any advice would be appreciated.

Again, I'll start by saying that I have very bad anxiety (generalised anxiety disorder), OCD which hit me with a vengeance and is starting to run over my life, and depression which I believe has turned clinical. I’m freaking out. While being in a very weak emotional state, I met this girl from Spain through Yahoo Answers (ughh..) about 2 years ago, and as soon as I gave her my email she started writing on a daily basis, very long emails. Back then she was married to a 65-year-old man while she was living in Ibiza. She’s 26. Then they moved to the UK, and she ditched him for a 60-year-old man, who she ditched as well. Then she started writing even more, and wanted me to go to the UK, etc. Since I was not an EU citizen back then, I could not go there save as a tourist. Then I suffered a broken ankle when a car almost ran me over the night of a big soccer game, and my family would not help out, as I’m a shame to them since I’m not rich, have all these emotional maladies, tend to repeat my worries over and over again (OCD) and get episodes where I get really down and cannot move – literally. They see me as a burden and my siblings told before to me just go ahead and kill myself. My self-esteem has been on the floor for most of my life.

So once I told her about the broken ankle she started to send me funds from the UK – and I didn’t even want them. She kept on insisting, and yeah, I accepted. Once I got the funds, she said that “the tables have turned”, meaning that she is in control. And what fucking control she got. She ended up booking a ticket over here without warning and just flew over across the ocean. Then all hell broke loose:

So far she has proven to be a militant and extreme vegan who lives in her own fantasy world, and who is seriously psychotic, and I don't think one needs to be a shrink to figure this out. For example, a couple of week ago I was seriously depressed and she got a fit of rage where she was banging on the walls and scratching her face.

She locks herself in the other room of the apartment for 24 hours straight whenever she disagrees with anything I have to say. There are no windows in that room, but she says that the room is safe from the “evil entities”. She always wanted to boss me around, tell me what to eat, how to breathe (no joke), I could never wear shoes, or get a haircut (short hair isn't a man's natural spiritual state, according to her). I could not call people from the apartment because she would hear everything, and the list goes on. She says that Cornwall is her “Home” and that she wanted to “save me” and take me there. She also thinks that she'll live to be at least 200-years-old and is not human, but from an extraterrestrial species. It’s fucked up, to say the least.

She also blames me constantly for everything – she said that she can understand why my family hates me, and does not understand how my job still keeps me in their payroll (I've been working writing articles for quite a few years for the same company). She says other horrible and hurtful things, and her levels of manipulation are immense. All of these things led me to drink every day, and I don’t see myself as a big drinker at all, and I was gambling, but completely stopped this.

We got married 5 to 6 months ago. She manipulated me into getting married when I was having huge doubts about this. Now she made the decision to divorce me, but doesn't want to wait here in Costa Rica to get one, so she wants me to go to Europe just to get it. I don’t fucking care anymore. I just want this person out of my life, as my emotional health is very messed up, and I already landed in the hospital for an overdose. I hung a rope from the ceiling about 2 weeks ago and took it out before she came back, since I couldn't follow the plan to end myself. Now I’m really desperate and don’t know what to do.

She came back a couple of days ago from Nicaragua in a trip to make her visa run (her status here in Costa Rica is a tourist), and the days when she was away were much better than when she was here. She came back and hell broke loose again.

In the last few weeks before her trip, she had a massive fit where she woke up 3-year-old kids in the neighbours' house with her screaming, and I spoke to them about it. They also have a 5-year-old son who she woke up at 3am or 4am, scaring the living shit out of him.

Last night she was chatting online to somebody at about 4am with the lights on while laughing, and I had a nightmare. Her mocking laughter mixed with my nightmare made me get up and told her to keep it down that there were children next door. I told her this before, as well, and she did not care – she put her music at very high volumes as well.

After I told her to keep the noise down, she locked herself in the other room. Now I’m at my job and don’t know where to go if she doesn't let me in the house after work. My conscience is clear – I never EVER did ANYTHING wrong or abusive to her in any way, - it's the other way around - but I did react sternly last night telling her to keep quiet. I fear that I won’t be able to go back home. I owe her a week of rent, which I will pay on Monday. I’m trying to recover financially – besides emotionally. I’m broke now and have to figure out how to make it until Monday so I can move out. No, I am not asking for help in that sense – just need to see how to keep my cool until I make it back home this evening. That’s basically it. I’m freaking out and my heart is about be ripped off my chest - pumping really hard - as I write this. Any advice on what to do would be appreciated.
