The day I almost killed myself

It was November 5, the day before my twenty-third birthday. I was alone, in my university room, and had been feeling down about turning 23 for a while. I’d spoken to my psychologist, Karen, about how I felt like I’d achieved nothing with my life. I was 4 and a half years into a three year course (yeah, I know), and it seemed as if everybody else was flying past me with the speed and grace of a migrating swan. My childhood best friend and my older sister had gotten married that year, a good friend of mine had a beautiful little baby, and many of my high school friends had graduated and moved onto glamorous full time jobs or were receiving PhDs or Masters degrees. Yet, here I was, 4 and a half years into my three year Bachelor of Arts, studying French. French of all god damn fucking things. What a useless language. There are probably about a million people in Canada who are going to be better at French and English than I’ll ever be. 
“So you’ll be a teacher then?”
No. I don’t want to be a teacher.
“You’ll do more study?”
No, probably not. I want out of this place, I’m done with it.
“Well, what will you do for a job?”

Who god damn fucking knows ay. If you find something let me know. 
So I’m sitting in my bed, reading an early 2000’s Michael Moore book that I picked up from Vinnies for three dollars, and I’m sitting there thinking… Wow. It’s the night before my birthday. I’ve got two exams tomorrow, I’m probably going to fail both, and I’ve got absolutely shit all to do tomorrow. I’m not going out for dinner; I’m not having drinks, or a party… I’ll probably just go home and finish unpacking the boxes in my living room. See, I don’t have a best friend. Or any real close friends for that matter. My social anxiety makes me feel like I’m a fucking weirdo, and generally that makes me act pretty god damn weird. I make casual friends pretty easily, but I don’t get how two friends can just “go and grab a coffee” together. How the f does that work? I wouldn’t know what to talk about.
So yeah. Sitting in bed reading a book, and I decide that I probably should have clean hair for the next day. I get in the shower, wash my hair, and sit down to shave my legs (I have terrible balance). So I’m sitting there, the hot water pelting me in the head, razor in hand, and I just stare at it. I stare and stare and stare and then I just start crying. Not like a few tears or nothing either. Full, unbridled, sobbing. I couldn’t hold it. I was sitting there crying, my head in my hands and I started planning it in my head. I wouldn’t call my parents… it would scar them forever. I didn’t have any friends to call and ask for help either. Basically, the only person that would have come straight over is the maintenance guy, Brett, who was pretty nice to me on my first day here. I sat there and cried. Balled my eyes out and just wanted to die. Like, I’ve wanted to die before, but never like this. Never this close to just… ending it. I didn’t really care what happened afterwards. I didn’t really care all that much about how people would feel, I just wanted out. I wanted to flip a switch and just not exist. I hated who I was, what I looked like and how my life had turned out. I just hated it and I wanted it to be over. I rested the blade on my wrist. It felt good. Comforting. Like I was in control of something. I finally had found something that was mine. My decision, and no one could judge me or ask questions. Something that I could call on at any time. And it gave me comfort. This tiny piece of control over my life. Literally, control over my life. And I don’t know why, but I put it down. I got out of the shower, and collapsed on the bathroom floor. I’d love to tell you that everything worked out and that I live a happier life now, but this was 45 minutes ago, and I’m still crying. Thanks for reading though, I guess. Sorry to be a downer.
