Sigh. Here we go again.


I'm in high school. If that immediately makes you turn off and file this under "Whiny Bullshit That Nobody Cares About Theatre," that's 100% valid.

I have no idea what I want. I understand that to an extent, nobody does. But I'm expected to know and be pursuing it by now. There's only three things that don't immediately make me want to put a gun in my mouth. Writing, which I'm not good at, and is an economic death sentence if you don't write for a technical field or get lucky. Music, which is even worse, and has no opportunities for income that's sustainable. Acting, which is an economic sinkhole that will waste my time and money.

What I'm expected to do is to go into an engineering or mathematics field, get a high-paying job, and go at it until further notice. Fields that I have little to no skill, talent, or interest in. From my perspective, I have two options. Shut the fuck up, go to a mediocre college, get a Comp Sci degree, get a job, get a house, work for 65 hours a week, give my parents grandchildren, and eventually die unhappily married to my job and money. Or, shut the fuck up, go to a mediocre college, pursue what I like(d), work at a restaurant while I dance around to impress people to little effect, and die poor and unhappy.

Or I could just give up.

One of my teachers likes to give this spiel about how if you apply yourself, and if you work hard and persevere, there's always a chance that you will fail spectacularly, and not be able to recover. And you'll be mopping up the back of a Taco Bell at the age of 40, going on your 19th year there, constantly mumbling to yourself, "I'm not what my parents wanted, I'm not what my parents wanted." Just because you're necessary doesn't mean you're important or wanted. Some people are just naturally unhappy, and it's their fault.

My grades are shit. Not F's or D's but not enough to get into a college that is respected. Community college? My parents have instilled in me that going there and transferring means you aren't smart or worthy enough to go somewhere respectable. 

This is my second throwaway for here. Shows how fucking weak I am, right?

I'm sitting here staring at college rankings, the application requirements, the acceptance rates, and the opportunities I would have if I hadn't been a spineless jackoff for the past few years.

Tl;dr: Whiny meaningless bullshit about colleges and my future. Feel free to throw popcorn and boo at me.