Terrible situation...no way out...

I'm 41 and absolutely screwed no matter how I look at things. I've got about $35,000 in credit card debt...Income is a whopping $3,000 a month and that's supposed to take care of about $4,000 of expenses every month. I tried driving for Uber and I find out it costs me more to drive for them than I earn. 

I've tried looking for work but no one wants to hire someone that is obviously over the hill. My former clients screwed me over big time so I can't do anything in my old industry. I'm trying different new industries and looking for work and there's nothing out there. 

I don't have a degree and many jobs they look for a degree. I don't have any good certifications either. I do have a life insurance policy and the more I think about it, the more I think it's the best way out for me and my family.

Between all the people that absolutely fucked me over, I can barely trust anyone again. When I meet someone new, my first thought is "how are they going to fuck me or troll me or screw me or something". Because obviously everyone out there is fucking insane greedy motherfuckers out to rip anything out of you, including your heart. They did it to me and they're gonna eat each other alive.

I'm not someone that can go out there and eat the hearts of babies just so that I can live. This place is absolutely insane...I've seen horror movies that were a nicer version of reality than this.

So...it's been more than a few years so I can suicide and the insurance policy will pay out in full. My wife and kids will be well taken care of and I can leave this place. My time runs out in January -- that's when the last of my money ends. If anyone else has any good ideas, I'm all ears. Of course, I'm fully expecting this post to bring out the trolls and the people that think they have all the answers when there are none to be found.

To wit -- I came across a homeless person that was trapped 150 miles from where his real home is. He had a bus ticket but it was early in the morning and he missed it. He came here to fix his social security check and his "best friend" stole it from him. I was the only one to put him on a bus back to his home. I tried taking him to three  different "Christian Charities" -- you know, the ones that are really there to help the less fortunate? Well, one of top ministers looked me in the eyes with this gentleman standing next to me and said, "Well, you know, we call the cops all the time to try to remove them from our property but the cops say there is nothing that they can do because they are on public property".

There is seriously no hope for this planet. Lot (from the Bible) was right. 