I'm close to making my second attempt [m 22]

I don't really know how to open this letter.

By all marks, measures, and standards I live a pretty good life. My family lived the "American Dream" going from rags to upper-middle class riches; and I'm already primed to go even further than that. I have a huge family circle, and 7 really close friends. I have my own place, own my car, make very good money, do close to the job I've wanted since I was a teenager. Hell, I almost have enough in the bank to pay off my student loans and I just graduated in May.

But it means piss all.

It might not make sense, but none of these things mean anything to me. They are all items, people, and futures for somebody else.

I'm completely alone in the universe. Everything I have, Everybody I know, is connected to a fake identity I created after my first (obviously failed) attempt.

The only person who knows a part of who I actually am is my Ex (whom I left when I moved away from college).

Dealing with these feelings was easier in college because I didn't have any real responsibilities. I'm smart enough to coast through most classes while asleep, and I can earn any amount of money any time I want using my skills (I'm a very in demand programmer).

But now it's not nearly as easy. I've lost my friends to various parts of the country. Lost my family to their's and my time and schedules. And I threw away the best person in my life because the physical distance between us was too much.

The reason I'm writing this is because today my Ex came over to see me. We're still best friends after the breakup and I've admitted to still having feelings for her, but I looked into her eyes and there were only dead coals where her love for me used to shine.

She had completely moved on and nothing was left.

It was the last straw. I was a camel trudging my way through an endless desert with a mountain of cargo 10 years tall and that was the final feather that caused me to buckle.

One of the last two people in the world I cared for no longer cared about me.

The only reason I'm here writing this instead of drowning myself or OD'ing on sleeping pills is because it would destroy my mother if I died. But I think that excuse will really only last for so long.