Even my family hates me.

I'd like to preface this by saying I'm not actively suicidal. I'm simply saying that it's becoming a more appealing option. Mostly, I want to just disappear. I'd run and just... vanish... if I was braver.

At the moment I'm living at home. One year left. I'm too shy to ask a friend to stay over.

Let's just say... raisedbynarcissists is a sub that I relate to.

Normally they leave me be. Except for days like today, when my mother decides to barge in and re-organize my clothes. I've asked her not to touch my stuff. It spiraled into a huge argument. 

Today, I accidentally left a mug and two tins of tea on her pristine counter. 'No wonder we can't have anyone over. You're destroying this house.' (I have PTSD. From abuse by them and from an incident involving police brutality. She often references an incident in which I had a flashback and threw a mug at the wall. It happened once. She didn't get it fixed and now uses it as proof I'm some awful human being.). "You're such a freaking pig." I didn't leave some godawful mess. I left a clean mug and two tins of tea. 

Not to mention *she* claims she has PTSD from dealing with me. Funnily enough, it happened right after I shared my diagnosis with her. As in, right after I said I had it, she claimed she did. She did this with my eating disorder, with my depression, with my anxiety... I can never have something she doesn't. Only difference is, it's *poor her.* I'm just some sick fuck that needs help.

I have anorexia. Have for 5 years. She told me "If you make such a mess, why don't you just stop eating?"

I tried to go upstairs. My father blocked me. I asked what he wanted. "If you're so unhappy here, just leave!" I tried in the past, but he just called the cops and said I had run away. I'm supposed to be the perfect little corporate daughter. Show up to events, smile, make small talk. Hide any bruises. Doesn't matter if I eat, as long as I'm not keeling over. That would make the family look bad. 

I told him he'd probably be happier if I was dead. Asked him if he'd prefer it if I killed myself. I know it's appalling to say things like that, but I'm sick of this happening. His reply? "When you act like such a bitch? Yeah." He told me to go fuck myself because he was tired of dealing with me.

I must be an awful person. 

I don't know what to do anymore. I know it's shallow. I know I'm an awful person for this, but... I like the money that comes from staying. My 'parents' might deny me stuff out of spite, but... we're the family with a summer home and luxury cars and riding lessons and private school and expensive clothing and a huge house. The one thing I'm never short of is money. 