Can't shake the thoughts, and with my reality, they might come true.

I have an anxiety disorder, and PTSD, as well as the very real possibility of FAS. The FAS isn't clear, as I cannot be diagnosed as an adult, though the doc highly suspects I am on the spectrum die to mental and physical anomalies. 
As a child, I was not loved by my horrible mother, and treated like trash. Literally trash. I was underfed, the girl with bugs in her hair, and a burden to everyone.

In my teenage years, I was dark, but passionate. Surviving everyday, but just barely.

At 24 I tried to commit suicide, and found out, when I came out of the pill dream, my shitty childhood caused me to have PTSD, which was affecting how I lived my life every day. I went to therapy, got on some meds, and moved to Montreal to try and right myself. 

After Montreal, I moved to Mexico, and lived there until I broke my elbow for the second time. Every day, living in paradise, I was thinking about how I could exit the plot. 

Then I moved back home, met a man who made me feel safe, and fell in love. We became engaged, and a week after our engagement he started taking meds  for a prolactinoma (non cancerous tumour-very small- on his pituitary gland). As soon as his meds starting working, a new man started to emarge, angry, and distant. I started to feel unsafe again. After 3 years of trying my hardest, I asked him to leave, and was left with an empty home, without (our) cats, and silence all around me. 

I have not been able to keep a job down past 1 years time, even though I try my hardest. Every day is a struggle, and too many times a day I think about ending my life. I can't win. My anxiety can keep me indoors for too long, and I end up feeling removed from the waking world.

Almost two weeks ago, after many struggles and unemployment (my town does not have many good paying job opprtunities) I sold some of my belongings, packed up the rest, and subleased my apartment for 7 months, and moved to the Canadian Rockies. 

I have a job.

Today, after negative monies in my bank account for more than a month, and collectors calling me 10 x's a day, I was paid. It took me less than 30 seconds to go from $850 back down to less than 0. Two weeks to to go before I have money again.

I can't buy groceries, can't go out to meet new people, can't buy neccesities, and can't get my mind out of this dark place. 

I imagine throwing myself in front of a truck, but I can't do that to another human. I can't cut my wrists, for the horror of someone having to find me. 

I think about as the weather changes, that I can take a long walk into the mountains, take my jacket off, and let nature do its bidding. Cold becomes warmth, warmth becomes an end to this god damn horrible life.

I am thankful for my family, friends, and the fact I have a roof over my head, please don't get me wrong. 

I just can't do this for much longer. I am hexed, cursed, or not made for this world. I am useless, and without a future.

I am in the wind, and cannot see the ground. 


I am tired, sad, lonely, and without hope.

Sharing helps, but not much. How do you carry the shame of being born a useless idiot?