I'm taking desperate measures to avoid contact with my psychotic wife, and decided to keep a "vow of silence" while we live under the same roof. Is this the best way to go?

I've posted many times about the situation with my insane wife. Yeah, I have my emotional maladies which include generalised anxiety disorder which has been horrible lately, depression which can turn clinical, and OCD which gets in the way of pretty much everything. 

However, I don't harm others in any way and know right from wrong, in direct contrast to my wife.

I'll just say what happened again:

We met on Yahoo Answers a couple of years ago, I was an emotional mess and constantly sad, she broke up with a boyfriend that could be her grandfather (he's about 65 and she's 26) then left him for a 60 year old guy, then somehow broke up with him and had the police involved, and continued writing me her daily 2000 word daily emails. 

I broke my ankle in a road accident, my family wouldn't help me, so she did, and I didn't want her help until she kept on insisting, and seeing that I was in a cast and on crutches I had no choice but to accept it. She eventually flew over from the UK to see me, and bought the ticket without even telling me. She wanted to "save me" from living here in Costa Rica and from my "evil ways" (going out and having a couple of beers after work, but not getting wasted - save on few occassions).

We got married 5 or 6 months ago here - I was in a terrible inner state, holding on to her promise that we would move to Cornwall in the UK, because according to her it's where "Home" is, and she pushed me for the marriage. Seeing that I was not well enough to make a decision, I gave in and married her.

The facts are that she turned out to be psychotic - or something like that. I am no shrink, but a toddler would be scared to death of her episodes. She's a militant vegan living in her fantasy world, and so far she threw tantrums like the girl from the Exorcist, insulted me in the most vile ways, tried to tell me how to breathe, how to eat, what to wear (shorts and sandals), to never cut my hair (she says that it's not man's natural state to have short hair), to eat what she eats (grains, pasta, and tofu - almost no vegetables because the plants die), etc.. I've never been treated like such a piece of shit in my life, but was afraid to leave her out of loneliness. She also spoke foul about me all over the internet.

Now she wants a divorce, but wants it to be done in Europe, so she wants me to go there just for the divorce. Ordering me to do so, pretty much. Here in Costa Rica a divorce can take time, but in Spain (where she's from) it's easy. i want the divorce as well, and to break free from this person, but yeah, I still love her - I don't know how I get this feeling despite all the shit that she did and continues to do.
Every word I utter can be a reason for her to throw a tantrum, and she's thrown them at 4am with a 5 year old child sleeping in the neighbour's house right next to where we live. She woke him up and other kids (..and these were 3-years-old!!!) sleeping there in the neighbour's house. She scared the living shit out of the kids by banging the walls and screaming like a lunatic.

Now we sleep in separate rooms - I close the door and sometimes lock it, and decided to not speak to her, save for text messages and written notes, but I feel like I'm getting really depressed just by having her around. I have no time to properly move out until Friday, and in a marriage here she would get the edge if I move out just like that - it's called "home abandonment" and she can start all kinds of shit for me. I would also be taking away her internet connection, and since she's here as a tourist, it might not be so easy for her to a get a contract, but I'm not sure. She would have to wait a few days (enough time for her to get really crazy - more than he already is) and start some shit.

I do not know what to do. She's evil and psychotic but I love her and don't know how to break free. I also don't know if keeping silent is the best way to go until she leaves the country (2-3 weeks tops, according to her). She also doesn't believe in doctors of any type - especially shrinks and medication.
I'm on medication, but this constant emotional abuse is too much to bear, and don't know how to deal with it. I feel like I'm allowing her to push me to end myself. Already been in the hospital due to overdoses, and had a rope hanging from the ceiling a few weeks ago. I'm scared shitless, and not looking for attention, just that desperation kicked in again.

Any advice on how to deal with this would be more that welcome.

Thank you.