Advice for my roommate.... Help her, or leave it alone?

Hey guys

I'm not sure what to do about my roommate's depression.  On the one hand, live and let live, but on the other hand, if she does decide to take her own life and I could have done something about it, I would never forgive myself. 
Here's the situation:

My roommate works with me.  She's 32, I'm 31. I took her in after she broke up with her girlfriend (with whom she had been living with), and she became my roommate.  After she started living with me did I start to notice that she is a very unstable person with regards to her emotions.  She took 4 months off work shortly after she moved in for "medical leave" and she spent most of her time in bed. She had lost her best friend about a year ago, and has been battling depression since. She HATES her job, and feels that she sucks at it, which my gut says was the main reason why she took leave.   We work in a place that we have to deal with a lot of irate people on a day to day basis, which is not for everybody. Some people love it.  I am one of those people, which im sure frustrates her even more, because the job is effortless to me and she comments about that all the time, which maybe adds to her depression. 
She takes antidepressants and sees a psychiatrist, and doesn't seem to be better.  She's always in a defeated kind of mood.  At work, during small 15 minute breaks, she goes to the corner store and chugs a can of Heineken, everyday, like clockwork.  I guess she feels she needs it to survive the work day. 
It seems as if she thinks she has no value and that she has nothing to look forward to.  She tells me that she hates getting older, because she's not physically as fit as she used to be.  She always makes comments that she hates her body. 
I have suggested to her that she go out and exercise, because she has a very sedentary lifestyle, but she refuses, and is actually very defensive and sensitive about it whenever I bring it up. I have stopped bringing it up, because I exercise, which I feel has helped my mental well being to a great extent, and she makes passive aggressive comments to me about how strong I am, so I just dropped it so that I don't make it worse.  I'm worried however, because she is convinced that she will have to depend on antidepressants for the rest of her life, despite the fact that she admits that it makes her feel nauseous.  

Anyway, the red flag for me was when we were walking into a store recently, and We had observed an old couple walking to their car.  We were talking about getting old, and I said something like, "well, we're all gonna be old one day." She then replied, very confidently,  something like, "not me.  I'm never gonna reach that age. Gua-ran-teed."  She was VERY sure about that, which kind of creeped me out.  I didn't say anything after that.   She has hinted before that she's never gonna let herself get to old age. 
What should I infer from that? Should I be worried? It did not seem to me like she was joking.  I feel as if she has accepted that she is going to end her own life sooner or later when she's had enough.
What should I do?