Small Penis, I am out.

I decided to kill myself three days ago. I have taken care of my final affairs, written a will and an explanation to those who know me. I am going to shoot myself in 3 hours. 


Honestly I thought I would be nervous and sobbing, but I am actually feeling relieved and fairly happy because I know the end is close. I am looking forward to ceasing to exist.


Why am I doing it? 31 and tired of society. I really tried to make it work, I am 6 foot, fairly muscular and fit. On the downside I have a very small penis and have an incredibly ugly face. Thus I have never been able to "satisfy" a woman, even the undesirable ones. 
I am fairly intelligent, went to a great college, graduated with a perfect gpa, became a software engineer and have made a decent amount of money for someone my age.

 
I am not trying to brag, none of these things brought me much self worth in the end. At best I have been a cog in the machine that enables people to experience the joys that I cannot. It is incredibly emasculating knowing that you cannot satisfy a woman as well as others or even inanimate objects. I never managed to give a woman that "full" feeling that they seem to enjoy so much, let alone a real orgasm. 


I have had three serious girlfriends who I thought I loved, really objectively beautiful and intelligent (I always tried to go for intelligent women over beautiful ones) but they all ended it for remarkably similar reasons, i.e. we were not compatible physically. All This is not conjecture or depressive paranoia, I established that meant penis size. 


As a sidenote, I love how women are so quick to point out that while they may desire something not all women are the same (See Reddit threads on Penis related issues), I love platitudes like that. In the end I don't blame them, they deserve to have someone who can satisfy them, if I was in their position (logically impossible I know) I would do the same thing. It took me a while and a great deal of emotion but I finally accepted how undesirable I was to women. I realised not only am I not entitled to women or love, I am not even worthy of it. You can't have what you can't earn. I accepted it, but it did not make me feel any less depressed.  


Since then I have used escorts (Gave me something to spend my money on), satisfying my basic desires, but feeling more and more lonely. I tried to drown myself in my work, in my passion for science, trying to tell myself that there was more to life than sex, that even though I was not very satisfying to women that I was still a worthwhile individual and a decent man. I tried so hard to convince myself of this, but it never stuck. Maybe if I lived in a different time, before mass media and sexual obsession I could have achieved it.


I kept desiring a physical bond, the harder I tried to justify being alone the more miserable I felt.
"Love is about more than sex", nope. Love is an abstract entity, it does not exist. We use the word love to denote various physical states of the brain. It is no different to a drug high. The west has accepted that love is based upon sexual pleasure, popular culture is a great mirror to the cultural "soul". 


I have seen therapists, taken SSRIS, SNRIS, MAOIS, TCAs, Stimulants, none of them made it better. I even tried religion (Christianity, Buddhism) despite being a life long atheist in the dim hope that there was some love beyond the sexual, needless to say I never found it. For a while I took stock in the fact that I was useful to society, even if I was not happy, but that was hard to maintain. I was told "Just be confident", another great platitude on Reddit and elsewhere. How do you gain confidence by lying to yourself about your own worth? Answer: You don't. 


I am writing this to let those of you in a similar circumstance know, it does not get better. Don't listen to the women and men who try and tell you that you are perfectly fine (The men are usually doing it for their own sake anyway), I have realised that they feel an ethical responsibility and will thus use a noble lie for the "greater good". "Size does not matter" "you can make up for it with X, Y or Z" and so on, all noble lies to stop people like us offing ourselves. I have realised that Society is afraid of men without hope, because those men might as soon turn on the happy rather than simply commit suicide. 


I am not writing this in the hopes of receiving pity or being talked out of suicide. I am going to do it, I accept that, I don't even plan to read the replies. I just want people in my situation to know that suicide is not a taboo, you should seriously consider it. It is not as easy to acquire a firearm in my country compared to the USA, so I don't understand why more Americans men don't do it. Knowing that I am about to die has left me in a fairly relieved state. I am spending my last hours listening to my favourite songs. I am not happy but I am not in pain, I feel at peace.


Goodbye.