My Suicide Note

I've already made the decision.  Please don't try to save me or tell me everything is going to be okay.  I just want some help to review and let me know if this seems too harsh.  I want to give people some type of closure.  Also I was thinking about writing a different one just for my parents and sister.


I debated about wether to write a note and who to send it to.  If you received this know that you were important to me at some point in my life.  I may have lost touch with some of you, but I feel like I owe some type of explanation as to why I did this.  I also want to make it clear that there was nothing anyone could have done to prevent this.  I’m done.  I’m a failure.  I’m never going to have a normal, happy life where i’m not tortured by thoughts of being a constant failure.

I just turned 32 and have nothing to show for my life.  I went to a great college that I didn’t have to worry about paying for and wasn’t able to turn that opportunity into any type of career or success.  I busted my ass in the Army for 10 years.  The universe somehow let me survive getting blown up while much better people than me died or are missing limbs.  All I have to show for those 10 years are some scars and a brain that makes me freeze up and start sweating profusely whenever I’m in crowds or driving down a highway.  I also fly into a seething rage over the most insignificant things and can’t control my emotions.  I guess this is more from me just being weak than anything I’ve experienced.  These things are my fault because I can’t handle what life threw at me.

I don’t think I’ll ever be able to have a normal, meaningful relationship.  I honestly think this is best as I don’t want to pass on my fucked up genetics.  I think a lot of this goes back to getting molested when I was a kid.  I guess that asshole won.

I’m sorry for ruining everyone’s day.  I know how selfish this is, and I know a lot of people will never be able to understand why I did it.  I guess I’m too much of a coward to face 40 or 50 more years of living like this, and I’m too lazy and stupid to change it.

I love you all.  You’re all good people and deserve good lives.  Please make a better go of it than I did and understand that this isn’t anyone’s fault.  Please understand that this is my decision and respect my right to make it.
