26, losing my hair, have to take medication due to diagnosis of other health issue, trapped and tired of this. Help?

So, I'm going to try to keep this short, as I don't even really have much energy right now to even write out something long.

Basically, I'm 26 years old.  Finally became financially independent, only to now find out I may be losing my hair as a guy.  So, now I don't even have my looks to go with, when I used to have that.  I have moved around every two years and grew up in an emotionally cold and emotionally abusive household, being moved around every two years of my life.  This prevented me from having normal friendships.

I planned on fixing my life a couple of years by travelling abroad.  Of course, that I tried that, I get sick and get diagnosed with a "chronic" disease that they say now I have to take medication for the rest of my life that cost $1000/month without insurance.  I have a job in a part of the country I hate though that pays for my insurance.  If I lose that insurance though, I may as well kill myself I guess as my state didn't expand medicaid and also the republicans will probably ruin obamacare in the US.  Anyways, this has messed me up as well and stops me from taking risks I should be as someone in there 20s.

Top that off, I was attempting to fix my life with dating, only to find out recently that which I had going for me as well now means I'm possibly losing my hair, in my 20s.

So, its obvious to me that this life is some cruel sick joke.  The longer I live, the more jokes gets played on me.  

I'm tired of it and don't see the point to this anymore.  Even though, I work in finance and go for a degree on the side outside work, who knows.  I might lose my job if I get sick for all I know, and I guess good luck dating being bald.  I get matches with tinder now, but good luck afterwords.  I don't have time to even go out with my work and classes hardly, so online dating was my out.

Honestly, I'm just living at this point.  People like to say, oh, third person country people have it worse than you.  Honestly though, I question that.  I would probably be dead if I lived there.  I would questions if many if any people are dealing with my issues in a third world country.  I understand people have there own issues, but I really don't think people understand how bad life can get.  "Bad", isn't something black and white.

Anyways, I am just rambling at this point.  Honestly, what is the point of being alive anymore if I can't even live my life?