Stressing about school and my future and am considering killing myself.

I come from a family with high expectations that is part of a collectivist Asian community. Things easily spread within the community and there is always gossip among adults and kids, whether it's about one of the kids going to community college or how much of braggart a parent is. My mom has been pressuring me my entire life by forbidding A minuses and rarely showing satisfaction with my academic feats. As a result, I've grown up with the mindset that I must be the best. So, at my school, I am considered to be among the smartest. 

As a sophomore, I am in Calculus BC and am taking both Physics Honors and AP Chemistry. At some schools, this might not be a big deal but at mine, being in BC as a sophomore is extraordinary (I am one of two people at my school in the past three years to do so). There are eight sophomore that are in Calculus AB; I am the only one in BC. Furthermore, taking Physics Honors and AP Chemistry at the same time is considered very advanced (13 others are taking Physics Honors as a sophomore but are taking other classes such AP Art History or normal Chemistry. Among these 13, are 6 of the people in advanced math). I am in 6 clubs: National Honor Society, Key Club, Mu Alpha Theta, Quiz Bowl, Science Bowl, and one other community service club. For my entire life, I have always gotten As and A pluses with a breeze. This year, however, is where I have hit a bump in the road.

I skipped Calculus AB, being that I learned it around seventh grade, and thought I would do great in BC. However, we're 3/4 of the way through the first semester and I have a B with a 87.3%. I do fine in homework, but awful on tests. We have had three tests so far and I got a C+, A-, and B-. My teacher is teaching BC for the first time and is considered a very bad teacher, but he claims he is just readying us for the AP test. Being that I was raised to be the best and grew up passing all my math classes with above 100%, I am devastated with my grade. I often cry thinking that I'm a failure and that the other 6 people, that I consider competition, will beat my and go to Stanford and Harvard, leaving me to go to somewhere like UCLA. However, my mother has raised me wanting to go to Stanford and only Stanford. So, I have grown up with the mindset that I must go to Stanford and now, I am considering killing myself.

I have trouble dealing with the stress from my advanced classes and to make it worse, my procrastination problems leave me doing my homework at 1 am and waking up at 6 the next day. I am doing poorly in math and always stress over it. I constantly worry about the other kids at my school and always tell myself that I cannot beat them. I tell myself that even if I do somehow get into Stanford, I will just always have to put myself through even more stress. To elaborate, this year I am stressing over my classes, the AP Chem test, the AP Calc BC test, and next year's PSAT. However, even if I miraculously do well on those, next year I always have more AP tests, a college math class, and the SAT. Then in senior year, I have to worry about college apps and if even get into Stanford, I have to stress over my classes and the MCAT. Finally, I have to stress about medical school and then finding/doing a job. Life is full of endless stress and worrying and I go through all that for what? Working for everyday for the rest of my life? This is why I want to kill myself and need the help of r/suicidewatch.