Free-write about death and depression

In moments of weakness, the thought of death encroaches upon me and makes me aware of its presence. But i am not ashamed of this fear. I am not ashamed to desperately want to live. To live in order to dream. In order to experience. In order to progress. I choose life, undoubtably. In these times of fear, when i question this choice, I remember what I aspire to. I aspire to travel. To create new relationships and see the world in a new way. Through the eyes of others I dream to expand my mind. I aspire to keep an open mind in order to try new things and find what makes me happy. I aspire to be happy. I lust for the feeling and do everything in my power to grasp it. To feel it course through my body and transform my lips into a smile. I aspire to spread this feeling to others by any means necessary. I hope to make it known that it is not shameful to fear death or question life. That they are not alone, and they are not ignored. I wish that they also pick themselves up. That they embrace life. Let themselves be uplifted by a moment of bliss in order to forget their fears. That they find their passion, embrace it, and live for it. That they learn that what they love is never wrong. That they cannot be brought down by those that dont embrace this fire inside. That they burn as a beacon to those who are still empty in order for them to also escape. Death is a painful reminder of the time we have left on this earth. It can intimidate us and make us feel small. But let it serve as a reminder. To find your passion. To love unconditionally. To experience. To give back. Let death serve as the fuel to your hopes and dreams. Let it push you to reach them instead of holding you back. Let it drive your life to the most meaningful, happy experience for you. If you do this you'll find yourself lost in joy. Death will become an afterthought and now will become reality. No more will it hinder your choices or creep into your thoughts when you are weak. Do not be ashamed of your fear, but let it instill in you the passion for life.

- the above is a reflection upon my biggest fear, death. It is based upon a time when i was suffering from bouts of depression, during the worst of which I questioned living. I thought maybe I was conquering my fear by wanting to die. I realized though that I was doing the opposite. I was giving in. I was letting my fear take over me and influence my decisions. I've wrote about how I feel I've began to conquer this fear the correct way. I have made the push towards loving life and no longer fearing it.  I wanted to write this to help me clear my mind on the matter and also have it to look back upon if my fear ever overtakes me again.