I think I'm ready

I'm a gigantic burden on my family. I cause emotional pain to my mom because she doesn't know how to help me. I have severe treatment-resistant depression, ptsd, social anxiety disorder, BDD, generalized anxiety disorder... And I honestly can't even remember what else.

I have been suffering through this for the better part of the last decade.

Isn't it selfish for my family to force me to suffer through this unbearable pain just for them? That's the only reason I'm still here is because they told me if I ever try that again, I will cause them more pain than I can ever imagine.

My grandmother just died and I just want to go be with her heaven.

I don't know how to do it though. Last time I took a bunch of pills, they found me before it could do any damage. I don't have access to a gun. I've been thinking about maybe stabbing myself in the heart or slicing my throat. Or maybe hanging myself. I don't know what to do. I just know that I can't be a burden anymore. I have no support right now when I need it the most and I was just told I'm putting on a gimmick from someone on reddit.

I can't count the number of times people have doubted my pain and suffering. My friends didn't believe me when I was raped. My ex didn't think I was really in that much pain. Every time I get upset, my parents ask if I've taken my medicine today. I take it everyday! These are just legitimate feelings of extreme pain. Another ex didn't believe me that I had an eating disorder despite me telling him I could feel the fat growing on me when I ate. Earlier I tried to explain to my mom why I was crying and I mentioned several different things. She decided that I was lying because first I said it was about my aunt, then my grandmother, then about my stressful day. It's not a lie, I was just upset about a lot of stuff.

I also just found out today that there are only a few treatments left before I will have to get an implant in my brain. My pain and suffering may NEVER GO AWAY. I have nothing to live for. I miss my mom-mom and I just want to go be with her.