Planning to kill myself after I graduate highschool

This will sound like a first world problem thing, but I just want to say it somewhere, anywhere outside of my head. It'll probably jump from one thing to another and be all jumbled up but I';m just typing whatever I'm feeling

I have always been a failure, the only thing from keeping me homeless is the fact that I live in a country here education up to high school is mandatory and my parents work incredibly hard for me. I'm a complete disappointment, I don't have any good grades, I'm a big introvert, and I used to be considered a prodigy in a martial art called Muay Thai when I was 12 and I can't keep up with the expectations people set on me and the expectations I set on myself. I'm constantly failing, the things I used to love in the past are little by little fading away and I have no reason to live. I always thought that I could live off of my love of muay thai but I can't keep up. It's ironic because I'm a perfectionist who fails at everything. The only things that is keeping me alive is that my parents are working so hard for me even though I don't have a good relationship with them I don't want to burden them anyway. My mom has extreme OCD and can't manage her anger towards me but works hard for me anyway, my dad had another son in the past with another woman but their child got run over by a bus, me and my dad rarely talk at all. My parents always think of money before anything, they buy me stuff and tell me to love them because they bought me an item and have never really payed attention to me. I didn't even grow up with my parents because I lived in my cousins house since they were working all the time. 

I see no future after highschool, every door that I have ran towards has closed shut in front of me and I feel like I'm in a dark room with no way out. Once I graduate I want to find a way where I can kill myself and never be found so I can just make it seem like I ran away.

I hate this world, I hate most of the people in it, I hate myself, if God is real I would hate him (don't get in a religious debate with me) This world is dark. I hate it when I see happy people but I feel depressed that there are people less fortunate than me and would love to live a life like mine. If I could donate my life to the less fortunate I would, maybe I can be an organ donor at death but I don't know how that works. 

The world how I SEE IT [CAUTION: DARK]

Not all of those who try hard succeed, many of those who don't try hard succeed. This world is shallow, humans as a whole are shallow it is our instinct to judge others. I truly believe that this world is rotten, there is no such thing as peace until death. No matter what world peace in in-achievable. This world is governed by those gifted with knowledge who walk all over the less fortunate. People in this world lack empathy and understanding towards each other, people are born with different body types and what you look like will directly guide your future. The people who say looks don't matter are blind their selves because for as long as I've lived people with physical features meeting the criteria of pretty and money to buy clothes that are socially accepted have always been higher up in the inevitable social hierarchy of society. Money separates us as humans but we need it in order for 'fair' compensation for hard work, unless you abuse people for your own benefit like in sweat shops in China, or diamond mines in Africa. We live in a world where abortion is not socially accepted but you make fun a teen dropping out of high school taking responsibility for their child, we make fun of over weight people though they may have a disease or it is in their genetics. In society it is frowned upon to feel a certain way, you feeling sad will kill another's mood though when you hide your emotions people suddenly tell you not to bottle them up, your worth is determined by your traits you were born with and how good of a fake smile you give. No matter how I look at this world it is all dark, even if I look at the good, there is always something bad within it.

We are born through the act sex between our biological parents, I never had the choice whether to be born or not but I was just forced into this cruel world. If I had the choice I wouldn't have ever been born. Once I graduate highschool there will be no point in continuing this act of happiness, I heard youth is the best time of your life so if it gets worse than this there is no point in continuing this crappy game called life. I've never told anyone that I'm suicidal so I'll be gone with them remembering that fake smile on my face.