I'm going to hang myself tomorrow

I've written suicide notes I intend to print out tomorrow. I just need to take care of a few more things.

Here's a little background information. You could say that I had a good upbringing and childhood, but I made all these mistakes growing up.

I've been suffering from depression and anxiety for the past few months. I probably have A.D.D. as well because I could never focus in school or at work. I've suffered at work because of this; I've missed deadlines and made up lies to skip work because I couldn't handle the stress. I managed to get by for a few years without getting a full time permanent job, but I love my job. 

I'm also ashamed because I don't have my finances sorted out. I still owe student loans from five years ago I haven't paid off. Most people by now are getting mortgages and having children, and I'm still sulking in my parents' house. I was never taught properly how to manage my finances, and now I feel its too late to go back. 

I also have this embarrassing health problem. I guess when I'm anxious, my overactive apocrine glands get really worked up and I sweat a lot. These changes happened within the last year. It literally makes me smell like fecal matter and people make comments that I smell like shit. The more humiliating thing is that I didn't detect this until very much later (I'm a smoker so my sense of smell is terrible). When I go to the clubs or in public, I'm known as "that guy" who shits himself (but I never do; I just smell bad). I try to mask it with deodorant but it never works. People recognize me on the street and make fun of me. You think bullying usually ends at the end of high school, but you'd be surprised. 

Coupled with the fact that my long term ex-girlfiend left me about a year ago, I feel like I've been spiralling out of control. She was everything to me but I didn't do enough to keep her. I think I'm alright in the looks department but I have problems with intimacy and self-worth. I've shunned women who try to dance with me at the club because I'm too embarrassed to tell them my age and how I can't take them back to my house (and also how I smell as well). I've also indulged in copious amounts of weed to drown away the sadness, but that didn't work out so well and it made me more paranoid and anxious. I was clean for two months, but a few days ago I had a joint and now I'm extremely depressed because of the introspection.

Everything looks bleak and hopeless. I've shunned my friends and even my family because I'm scared of going outside. I've tried to seek help and I got a recommendation for a psychiatrist, but I never heard back from them. 

In the end, I think the world is better off without me. I've been a financial burden to my family, a poor employee, a walking embarrassment, and a failure in life. I had a bright future and I squandered it. 

Is there any hope? 