I am so afraid of living that I want to die.

I really, really hope someone can take the time to read this and try to offer their advice/thoughts etc...

As the title says, I am so afraid of living in general that I want to kill myself so that I don't have to go through life. I am a 21/F who just withdrew from my semester at uni for the THIRD TIME. Every time I withdrew it was because I was so behind my classes, failing my tests, and not handing in assignments that I had no other choice unless I wanted a failing grade. I am a person who has absolutely zero self esteem, confidence you name it. I feel empty as a person. I have absolutely no redeemable qualities. I am good at nothing (I'm serious when I say this I have no talents or am skillful at anything) I have very few friends and I struggle with making new ones. I have never been in a romantic relationship. I feel as though I am stunted in every way, that I didn't develop properly as a person. I feel constantly ignored and rejected by my peers and coworkers. I am shy and extremely self-conscious. I have no goals in life because what I really want to do is just to crazy and unrealistic and I will never make it because of who I am. My inner dialogue consists of "I hate myself" and "why don't you just kill yourself now" and they play like broken records every second of every day of my life for 4 years now. I tried to tell my parents, and they don't really understand. I have seen several counsellors and psychologists. I had to end my sessions with my favourite psychologist because her rates are just too expensive for me and my issues require more than 10 sessions in order to just get an idea of how fucked up I am and my way of thinking. I have been taking antidepressants (Wellbutrin) but they didn't help much. I am not smart enough to finish university, I am not talented enough and bold enough to pursue my real dream. Every day is a failure for me and I just want it to end. I am afraid to get on with my life and to do anything, to set any goals, to work towards those goals and to face any challenges ahead because I know that I will fail (that is my way of thinking). I have a method of suicide that is lethal and painless and is easily at my disposal. Everyday I am inching one step closer to actually going through with it. Right now, I feel so indescribably distressed and helpless I might just do it later tonight. I feel like such a weak failure of a person who doesn't deserve anything that she has in her life. I am garbage.

I wish I was a different person with a different brain so that I could be worth something in this world. So many people come from difficult families/poor backgrounds/disabilities etc and have pulled through with life. I envy those people because they have everything that I lack (as a person) to make themselves a better life and to survive.

I know that this is a little lengthy but I hope at least one of you has taken the time to read it as this is pretty much the last resort for me.

Sorry for the shitty grammar...