Multiple suicide attempts - now what?

I just got released from the ward last week, I don't know why I'm asking this question 'cause I probably won't take any advice.

I've had an abusive childhood until I was about 12 when I learned I could fight back. My first attempt was when I was 7. I still remember this fairly clearly.

When I was 14 I was diagnosed with PTSD and MDD. I was a very violent teenager, I destroyed stuff at home and in school, threw punches, including at teachers. I've been suspended countless times, at the end of 10th Grade I was placed on an indefinite suspension which lasted 9 months, out of nowhere I got a call to come back for 11th in September - where I got kicked out at Christmas.

I had an overwhelming drive to succeed because I had a money or die attitude, during 9th, 10th and 11th Grade I studied from 4PM to 4AM with only a break for dinner. I got between 3 and 4 hours of sleep and failed everything. My highest mark was 13%. There was also a girl I liked who was very smart and currently studies at Oxford, I tried to compare myself with her, not because I wanted to prove anything to her but because I wanted to be better. 
 
Since I've been kicked out of school I've tried various internships and I currently manage my Father's investment portfolio and take a cut, I've beat the market 3 years in a row. I got fired from two internships for destruction of property. I had to pay a settlement on both occasions to avoid police action.

I've slept with hookers when I was 17 and became a heavy smoker at 15 which caused me to drop my sport where I had a prominent position. 

I've put on 88lbs in a year, been through 4 doctors and psychologists, ECT and several stints in a high intensity ward at our mental health institute. I have made 3 attempts since then, ended up in hospital twice. 

Then there's the usual relationship and friendship issues. Naturally, I drove people away with my negativity. I still live with my parents but they're extremely disappointed with me and don't really interact. I can't do anything, I feel paralysed by what's going on in my head and the effects of stress on my body. I feel like I'm just going to repeat what's happened in the past. 