I just don't know what to do anymore...

First up a little about myself: i am a seventeen year old guy, have been depressed for about 5 to 6 years. I have had thoughts about suicide every now and then basically since,the beginning of my depression. This whole thing started as my father had an accident because of which he is in some state of come since said 6 years.

I stopped going to school for 3/4 of last year, now i am in some sort of school (efterskole for the danish guys) where i am 5 days a week and st home for the weekends. Now, this school is quite nice and at the start i really liked it here and thought i may be able to get my school fi,ished after all. But today we wrote our first major math thest, and math is something i always got frustrated with, after every lesson i just felt down and felt like i wasn't able to do something for the whole day. Today was no different, only much much worse... I am glad i did,t have a knife or something of this kind in my room, as i don't know what i may have done to myself or others  around me. Also i have yet to discover my capability of loving someone and caring for someone. If something would happen to any kf my friends i wouldn't be too sad, even if something would be to happen to my closest family i feel like i just would be like 'shit happens'...

so yeah i cant go on like this, feeling down every morning and for the whole day on then, every day, every week. I cant go on anymore, yet i cant talk to anyone because i am too afraid of someone i know of getting to know of my true self, afraid of people judging me for feelings i can't do anything about, feelings i don't want to have. I would give everything to get rid of these feelings, get rid of my thoughts. I tried a psychiatrist, tried writing a diary. Yet the only thing i wish is just not waking up in the morning every night,  i just beg someone mightier above us humans to end my live, yet i do,t want to suicide, that's something (in my opinion) only people without honor do, and honor is the only thing thats left of me as i want me to be.
i cant go on anymore, yet i cant stop, i don't know what to do. 