I'm going to kill myself tonight

I give up. I'm in my last year of school, realize that even though I like what I'm studying (CS), the job environment is going to kill me if I don't. I'm not willing to make coding my life, and you need to do that to be considered for a career at anywhere above a shitty middleware provider working on useless products to turn a profit. And then I still won't have a life.

I got mono earlier this semester and got really behind on work. I dropped to three classes, and still can't catch up. I try to work on things and get lost in thought after around 30 minutes. There's no fucking point. I'm doing work that I hate so that I can do more work I hate in the future. What a wonderful incentive.

I've accepted that I'm not exceptional enough in anything I care about to make anyone notice. Most of my social interaction that I've had since being a kid has been based around my talents and inherent abilities. No one gives a fuck about me personally, and as an adult, I'm not even worth being used for someone else anymore because there are better alternatives.

I lost most of my friends in the past few years. I had a shitty relationship that cut me off from the rest of the world, and after ending it 6 months ago, I haven't had any social network to speak of. I deleted my facebook and no one noticed, and certainly no one gives a shit.

I'm ashamed of myself. My hobbies are embarrassing and unrelatable. I'm awkward as fuck. I get really excited about things no one gives a shit about. I have learned to desperately hide my actual personality, because it's off-putting and weird. When I open up, people don't know how to react. I realized that when I was more social, people made fun of me frequently behind my back. Ex-lovers constantly told me things about myself that needed to change.

I wish I could just cut out the parts of me that make me myself. That would be easier for everyone. Since that's not really an option, I'm just going to do what I can, I guess.

Everything is inherently meaningless. I'm not made to function in the world I was born into. Why the fuck should I not just end this ceaseless bullshit?