It never gets better

I've been depressed since I was six and wanted to kill myself at around the same age. First attempt was at 15-16 by pills, I ended throwing them up &amp; nobody knew about it.

I am so.. empty feeling. My father was an alcoholic until a few months ago and has been emotionally and physically abusing me for as long as I can remember, and has sexually abused me a few years ago. I've had to see my mom who I love so much get treated like complete shit and I've heard her excuses for his actions and I don't know I'm just so fucked up

I trust no one. I'm constantly wondering if my friends hate me or not. I whored around during highschool because I was taught that even though I was ugly, my looks would always be more important than anything else. I got extremely attached to all the boyfriends I've had (a LOT) and the majority broke up with me because I was too clingy or too jealous. I can't tell if my current boyfriend of almost 2 years is fucking with my mind or if I'm just insane and can't tell the difference.

He's very controlling and checks my phone every day and makes me scared to go out (even by myself) because he will think I am cheating on him (he has good reason to believe I did before, even though it was all misunderstandings but thats another story) he raises his voice at me and swears at me but tells me I can't raise my voice or swear at him. I was very upset yesterday and went to go drink some alcohol but he took it and flushed it down the toilet. He said it wasn't the answer but I'm so paranoid and I think he took it so that HE could have full control over me, not the alcohol. He never has anything good to say about me and never once has complimented me. He does kiss my cheeks and snuggle with me sometimes and often tries to make me laugh but he also will not kiss me.

~2 ish years ago I got pregnant with my boyfriend of the time (different one). I was only 17 at the time and we were both in highschool so he asked me to get an abortion. I felt my life would be in danger if I did not, and my boyfriend was a very good student so basically I did it for him. He left me immediately afterwards because I was 'clingy' and I had no one to talk to, and a week or two after my father tried to rape me when he was drunk. The abortion killed me. I have never gotten over it. I hate myself for it. 

I did disgusting things for money and started getting more into alcohol and weed. About 5 weeks ago I found out I was pregnant again and told my boyfriend that I wanted to keep it or give it up for adoption. He told me I was 'born to ruin his life' and guilted me into getting an abortion with him. He told me he would trust me more if I did it. He also said if I didn't get an abortion he would kill himself. So what the fuck was I supposed to do?? He drove me to the clinic and I had to do the procedure without anesthesia this time. I checked 'do not inform me if I'm having twins or quatruplets' or what the fuck ever before I went in but when I peered at the ultra sound I swear I saw two embryos. I also heard two big suctions during the procedure. I swear it was twins. My heart is completely broken. Why do people think it's okay to fuck with someone who's already fucked up???

NO ONE FUCKING UNDERSTANDS. There is fucking no one my age who has gotten TWO abortions. I am so messed up. I am so scared of everything. Everything I see I can somehow relate to my father, or my children I fucking murdered. My father never loved me. None of my boyfriends ever loved me. My looks nor my personality or character is enough for anyone. I am dumb as fuck. I'm not good at ANYTHING. I am so tired of everything and I'm going insane.

Why the fuck doesn't my boyfriend feel bad? He says I'm always upset and he complains about me always being upset and tells me I'm spoiled because I have a roof over my head and food. He doesn't understand. He doesn't care. I once took a handful of my anti-depressants because i was so upset and got scared because I might have a seizure in my sleep. I told him and he said 'why do you have to do this while I'm here. If the cops show up they'll think it was me' and eventually went to sleep instead of helping me stay up. He's done things for me but I don't believe that he cares. How can I trust someone after what I've been through. He gets MAD at me that I don't trust him, why???

Why can't anyone fucking help me?
Therapy doesn't work
nothing works
I will post this telling you all about how badly I want to die or kill myself, change my mind in a few days, then a few days later go back to thinking about killing myself.

I'm so pissed off that I haven't had the courage to yet. I want this all to end. I am so messed up. All I want is to have a nice close and loving family of my own but no man would want a fucked up person like me. Even if someone does legitimately want me I will be too scared to believe it. I can't even take care of myself how the fuck would I take care of kids anyways. It's not fair. Everything is so hopeless and I'm wondering if there's any way out of here besides killing myself. Maybe when I'm gone people will like me better. 