I've tried to kill myself before

4 times, actually. 

The first time, I was 16 and couldn't find a girlfriend.

The second time, it was 4 days before my 17th birthday.

The third time, it was junior prom.

The fourth time, it was my senior homecoming.

Each and every time I failed and each and every time I awoke with a sense of life and will to live. But, as the days went on I would find myself deteriorating and becoming more and more depressed. I wanted to be happy but the things I wanted were the things I could never grasp. I can't afford a therapist, and I certainly can't afford for anybody other than myself to be worried about me, so I tried to get to the bottom of my stupor. I asked myself: Why doesn't God want me to die? 

Whatever, I'm not religious. If there is a God and he doesn't want me to die, why would he let me keep trying? 

I couldn't answer that question, the drugs couldn't answer that question, and truthfully I didn't want to speak to the person that could. 

Back to square one, I guess.

So I asked myself: What significance could I possibly serve? I've never been a great student, I've never given blood, I've never invented anything for the greater good of people, I've never done anything charitable, never volunteered or donated my free time, and I certainly haven't given any of my change to a homeless person.

Then again, I've never *wanted* to do any of those things. 

I want to be rich, I want a wife, I want to go to Europe and Africa and Japan and South America, I want to go to college and get my degree and baffle some kid with knowledge, I want to build shit and blow it up in the desert, I want to move to Hawaii and look at the night sky, I want to jump out of a plane at 15,000 feet in the air, and I'd like to see  my friend Zach land at least one kickflip.

I guess what I'm saying is, I want to live. Not breath, move and reproduce, but experience as much as I can of this awesome world we live in. 

So as I finish my story to you all, I confess this: I've never tried to kill myself, and I never will. Every time I feel down I think about what I've done and what I haven't, and it makes more sense to me to keep death on the same side as Zach landing any sort of flip.

Death is reserved for the lucky, those who have experienced all of what life has to offer, and those who decide otherwise will die, having never lived at all.
