I've lost all hope

First of all, I've always been self harming since I was about 10-11 years old. I have always felt very hopeless and hated, mostly due to my mother and the way she would talk to me when she was drunk, sexual abuse, being addicted to drugs, and not able to feel loved once in my life.

Forward to August this year, my mother passed. I've been so lost and confused because I shouldn't have my mother die because of her addictions, and I should not have to deal with my mother's death at 23. I never really got to see the 'good' side of her, unlike my brother and my father, so I've been very messed up since her death.

I reached out to an ex of mine, and my boyfriend found out and freaked out. My boyfriend has always thought I have been cheating on him, I'm a whore, etc. but I've never cheated on him, whether he wants to believe me or not. I just wanted to talk to my ex because he was there for most of the drama with my mom and I just needed to speak to somebody that knew the situation, but wasn't in my family, but it doesn't matter. 
Nothing matters to him and it breaks my heart so much that he is never going to marry me, love me as much as I love him, and I'm going to be treated like shit because I was looking to vent, to try to get some help, to not try to kill myself.

With these two sides of my life going to hell, I just want to leave forever. My brother and my best friend are getting married in Feb., and that's not even giving me enough strength to not kill myself. I'm on lexapro and klonopin, and I still wake up thinking about death, and go to sleep wanting to die. If it's me hanging myself, me running into traffic, me getting in a car accident, taking too much of my medication, and it runs my mind now. 

I just don't think I have the strength anymore to fight these thoughts. I don't have health insurance anymore, due to a switch of jobs, and I just want to give up right now and be at peace, and let everybody in my life not have to deal with me anymore as the burden to the family, which I feel like I have my entire life. 

If I wasn't good enough to stop my mom from slowly killing herself, what's the point of not killing myself? 