Life isn't getting any better after so long

So this is a post I made elsewhere on an anonymous confessions thread, but I want to put it somewhere more discussion-oriented. Just tidied up the formatting and added some information.

I'm a 26 year old male and I've been hopelessly lonely my entire life. The number of friends I have ever had can be counted on the fingers of one hand, my main past-time is being a worthless sack of shit and playing videogames and yet despite this I somehow, after several months of friendship, got a girlfriend who I realized too late genuinely loved me and who made my life so much happier.

Then I got hella drunk at a dorm party (first party I've ever been to in my life) and because of insecurity and jealousy (was afraid that my girlfriend was gearing up to dump me. Turned out to be totally incorrect) decided that having sex with some random girl wouldn't be such a bad idea. It was. Now ive got a mysterious std, no gf, flipped out and got all depressed and then stupidly told someone I was suicidal and was forced to a take a leave of absence from university because they didn't want the liability.
I'm also still an undergrad in a useless degree despite being in my late 20s.

So now I'm doing literally nothing with my life for the next year at the very least.
I haven't been anywhere but my room and the bathroom in a month and spend all my free time sleeping, eating huge quantities of food and playing shitty videogames to distract myself. Every day even numbing my brain with videogames doesnt work for a while, and I break down and cry which carries through the walls and upsets my housemates who don't want anything to do with me. Guess it's awkward.
Also my hairs falling out in increasing quantities.

I want to die but im afraid of the pain or fucking it up and becoming a vegetable. Also I dont want to hurt my mother. I've told her about my feelings and all it does is make her cry. But I'm just so tired of my life and being who I am. Occasionally the depression lifts briefly and I can see my life clearly and realisitically, but that's almost as bad since it just makes me even more aware of just how much of a loser I am, how many mistakes I've made over the years and how much happier I'd be right now if I hadn't made even a single one of them.

So that's the shape of things. It's entirely my fault. I ruined the best thing that had ever happened to me and what was shaping up to be an actually happy year. Every year since the age of 12 has been marked by some kind of personal emotional crisis / disaster (dropping out, dropping out again, severe depression, total inability to form or maintain relationships with others) and this year is no different, despite the promising start. 

I don't know where to go from here. My mother is doing her best to help and my anti depressants are numbing me mentally. I've called suicide lines but they just say the same stuff over and over. I've messaged a few acquaintances who I know have been depressed and they've offered some advice, and asked my ex who is being more supportive than I deserve.
But it still feels as though my chest is being crushed all the time, getting worse when I think too much about what I've done and how much of a failure I am. I just want this pain to stop.