Help/Advice - in desperate need right now.

I'm not really sure how this works, or even how this is going to help me at all, but I guess I'm hanging by that last thread and I don't really have any other options.

I've been suffering from anxiety and depression since I was about 15. I'm not sure how or why it started then but as the years have passed (I'm now 23) it's getting harder and harder to cope with everything. I know there's something wrong with my brain, but I do think my depression comes from real things in the world. My family is lovely in so many ways but it's mainly my parents that have made me feel so ill, through no fault of their own.

My mum has always had mental issues herself. She was adopted at birth and had a very tough life growing up. Her biological mother eventually got sectioned in the 70s when mental illness wasn't understood well enough and died in there. My mum is such a vulnerable person, she's quite simple minded, like when we watch cartoons for children, or even comedy films, she can't understand or follow the story line and my dad always has to explain it to her. I know this sounds ridiculous but it has made me feel so low, because my dad is a smoker, he's been smoking since he was 18 (now 60) and has a terrible smoking cough which I've read is a sign of lung cancer. He refuses to see a doctor about it though, he's really spiritual so he thinks that god is looking over him and will protect him so he continues to smoke and his cough has got worse and worse over the years.

It's this combination that has made me feel so isolated at first, because I know my dad is going to get hospitalised soon. I hear him in the morning coughing up blood and have to put my headphones on to block out the sound. When he dies my mum will lose everything. She doesn't have any friends and my dad is the only person that has ever really understood her and treated her well. I don't know how to talk to her properly because she's not really a real person. She always repeats herself and gets nervous around me even though I'm her son... I've been trying to prepare myself for my dad's death so it's not such a shock when it happens, but it's so hard to even imagine how badly it's going to impact on my whole family. My oldest sister also suffers from depression but she sees a therapist and takes anti-depressants. My family don't really know I'm depressed because I guess I just internalize  it and have tried to sort it out myself. I wake up everyday and it's a struggle to even get out of bed. I just don't see the point. Depression completely consumes you, you can't see a way around it, it's completely absorbing and I just can't imagine how I would ever not feel like this. Obviously its come to a point now where I just can't deal with life anymore. The last 6/7 years have been such a struggle, and I won't put myself through more pain every day. I just can't. It's like I don't have a choice anymore, there's only one option for me. Ive tried to 'self medicate' which has helped me very much to be honest over the last few years, but I can't do that anymore so I really don't have any options. Im scared to tell my parents about my depression because it will worry them so much, it will probably effect my mum and my sister in such a bad way that I wouldn't be able to live with myself anyway. I don't want to take real anti-depressants, i've tried them before and they made me feel even darker and blacker, it took me weeks to recover from feeling that suicidal - they just don't work for it. Last year I went to a skyscraper near my house and just sat there for hours shaking. I couldn't get into the building but my mind was made up at that point. I've got friends and good people around me, but I just can't help feel alone. I get anxiety attacks before seeing my best friends, even though I've known them all my life. I don't understand what's wrong with me, I have so many lovely people around me, so generous and friendly, yet all I feel is black. And I can't pretend anymore.

I don't really know what this message is going to do for me, has anyone had a similar experience where your depressions comes from things around you? I don't think it's biological in my brain because it's real things around me that make me feel suicidal. But then again it must be also because i've found that self-medicatign has actually worked so well. But I can't do that anymore. 

Does anyone have the same thing? I'm from the UK and I know about all the suicide hotlines and MIND but they can't change anything thats happening around me and that's a major reason why I feel like this. I've never been to the NHS for it but I've heard they just treat you like cattle and put you on a conveyor belt when you see a counsellor after a really long waiting list and then they just shove your face with anti-depressants that make you worse. My family is very poor, my mum works so hard doing backbreaking labor because my dad is unemployed, and I don't want to ask to have private care because we just don't have the money for it. My sister and my mum have both been to the priory before but i just can't afford that.

Is there anything else?