Suicide note drunk as fuck, fucking done , copy paste .

I don't wish that I didn't feel like this. Often times people try to sway my decision by notifying me of my ripe age, and how much I have in the future.             
No. 16 does not matter. 
It does not matter. The promise of a future does not matter because if I were to survive the scars of the present would be too prevalent... To see another day is to see a mood swing ruin a friendship, a job opportunity. To see another day is to be in pain. I usually would not broadcast my suicide note over the internet, would not alert others of my imminent and inevitable death, but I will because someone needs to see this. I'm not sure how I could let someone from the internet be my catalyst. I'm not sure why I let other people so close that they hurt me but I do. I am tired of feeling like I need to sacrifice certain aspects of my life for people who would not lend me a dollar without grief. I am tired of feeling bad. 
I do not feel bad about the people I am leaving behind, no I do not love you. I'm not going to sugarcoat it. You hurt me. I have a gaping, aching hole in my chest that just sends unimaginable pain throughout my body daily and you've never thought twice about it. How come you've never cared? You've never visited me in the hospital when I was found unconscious. Once, my heart stopped beating. Please tell me where you were. I don't expect fame from nearly dying, but I would have expected visits and well wishes. I received none. And for the people I have opened my heart up to, you waited until I sewed it back up while you were inside, to break through the stitches and leave me bleeding out... Why? And you watched it. And you never cared. For the person I met here on Reddit? Oh just fuck you. I fucking cared about you! Thank you for proving that through both of our pains, yours was more significant. Yours was worth hurting me. I can't blame you for my death but you contributed to it. You set it off for me, I don't understand how you could hurt me so bad. How can a person I've never met do so much damage? Oh! Because I am weak. I am worthless. I am a drunk, drug addicted, self harming, bipolar and mildly autistic fuck that clouds reality so I can fly through it, only to crash when I realize that nothing will change. To my mom, fuck you. You gave birth to me knowing I would be fucked up. I was born fucked up. I'm still fucked up. And according to you I'm a faggot. Thank you! I didn't know me being bisexual would cause more problems than me being suicidal. But it did. Now you won't have to worry about me falling in love with a girl so you won't have grand kids. You won't get them anyway. To my dad, oh honey you never cared about me, you wasted sperm. Sorry about that. My bestfriend.. When you left me, you took my heart with you. You are on my skin... 
My dog will never read this but buddy, you were my only good friend..  I don't want to leave you but I do not want you to pity me any longer. 
I will leave this here for the person who should read it, a typed copy, and I've given up everything I had so there's nothing to be doled out. Sorry if you were expecting some money to pay for beer. I know you want to have a party. I'm sorry. I'm a fucking failure, aren't I? I know. I'll be gone within hours of publishing this. Not that anyone cares about this ugly fucking excuse for a human being. I'm just a casualty.