Dear Suicide Watch, please help.


[edit] Dear Suicide Watch, thank you so much for your listening ears and comfort. I did not know that internet strangers could be so understanding and willing to help. You have really touched me today, made me think and showed me such beautiful ways of how you guys deal with your problems. When I feel better, I hope I can mean the same for someone else. Have a good night and I hope each and every one of you finds lots of happiness and kindness. I'm feeling very touched, understood and safe. Thank you!!
---

I am a 25 year old female and I have been experiencing depression in episodes for about 8 years. I have done CBT, been on and off different antidepressants and have had the help of two psychiatrists and many different psychologists. Last year I participated in a study for psychosis treatment, as I was showing early signs of psychosis. This treatment helped immensely against the warning signs, but not against the depression.

Unfortunately, it's back. Depression has been sneaking up on me since the beginning of September, and I caught it early and did everything in my power to loosen its grasp (setting up routines,  reaching out to friends and family, doing things I normally enjoy, eating healthy, exercising 3-4 times a week, working a little bit to feel useful, reducing study load, meditating and doing mindfulness exercises, making sure my house stays clean, doing CBT exercises, starting to see another psychologist).

 But it is not helping. I'm falling behind on my studies, which stresses me out to the max and I feel everything I am doing is for nothing, because the depression will come back anyway and it is not disappearing at this moment in time. I *constantly* think about suicide, from the moment I wake up to when I fall asleep. I constantly assess my environment to see how I could kill myself that exact moment.
I'm very aware of suicide being a permanent solution to a temporary problem, but the temporary problem, depression, keeps on returning and I don't see why I should stick around to solve it, as it may not even have a solution. I love my friends and family, but I think that ending it all will just make it easier for everyone, especially for myself.

 Dear Suicide Watch, I don't know what to do and I know that wanting to commit suicide is not normal, please help.
