My life is ruined

Two year ago today I would have never believed I would be where I'm at right now. My life was so perfect for so long. After graduating from high school in 2002 in a rural town in central Missouri my best friend since childhood did what we had been planning for so long. We packed all of our stuff into his truck and moved to the city. We got an apartment together and experienced something we'd only seen on TV. That Fall I enrolled in school and life got even better. I met Kat, who ended up becoming the love of my life, and after dating all through college we got married a year after graduation. 

I moved out of my apartment I'd been living in with Allen, my best friend who originally moved out here with me, and Kat and I bought a home which is everything she'd always dreamed of. Allen bought a home just a few minutes away, and also got married about a year after us. This was the greatest time of my life. Kat and I spent almost every free moment with Allen and his wife, vacationing, boating, going out. I miss this so much.

Life took a serious turn in the afternoon of March 8 2013. Allen's mother, who was like a second mother called. Allen had been home visiting and had fallen off the roof of his parents home while helping his dad replace a gutter. I raced home and was at the hospital until March 10 when Allen died. My best friend, my brother, my partner in crime left the world and left me without someone who I'd trusted with every secret and thought I'd had since the second grade. Although this was the worst pain I'd ever felt, I moved on extremely quickly. Within a month I was back to my normal self, starting to laugh again, and although life was so different without Allen Kat and I fell into a new routine and life went back to normal. 

Allen's wife moved back to her hometown and sold their home. She deleted us on Facebook and hasn't answered a text or call since just after the funeral. Maybe she doesnt want to deal with the memories, we weren't sure, either way Kat also lost someone who had become her closest friend. 

Life went on and in January of this year I got the greatest text message I've ever received from Kat. "We're pregnant". I have never experienced such joy. Kat was so beautiful when she was pregnant. She was put on this earth to be a mother it seemed. She loved our baby more than anything from the day she found out. In the Spring we found out it was a boy, which is what Kat had been hoping for. We (I) converted the work out room that Kat had insisted on building but used maybe four times into a nursery, and got all sorts of things for the baby ready.

And then right before the 4th of July, at the happiest, most beautiful time of the year, my life ended. Kat was driving home from her work about 30 minutes from home when a woman was driving drunk on the wrong side of the road and hit Kat's car head on at highway speeds. In the span of two years I lost my best friend who I considered a brother, my best friends wife who had become a sister to my wife and I, and then finally my wife and my baby boy. I have cried so much since the summer that my eyes are now constantly swollen. I live in this house that Kat picked out and I can't even convince myself to go upstairs. I don't want to see our bedroom, the nursery, or anything to remind me of them. I quit my job and have been drunk the majority of the time since they left me. 

I leave the house as rarely as possible. Everything reminds me of her. I don't talk to anyone and no one calls. The piece of shit who killed my family will end up spending 120 days in prison and then be free to go home to her family even though she took mine from me. The only thing that has kept me from doing this in the past few weeks is the thought of killing this woman when shes released but I can't do it anymore. I miss my beautiful wife. I miss my brother. I can't believe I'll never meet my son. 

I'm not posting this here for anyone to convince me not to go ahead with it. All my life I've known that suicide is never the way out but never could I have pictured my life spiraling down into this dark world that I now live in. I wish I would have looked around during all of those amazing years we had and appreciated how lucky of a man I was to have the life and friends I did. I know I'll never experience that again and the pain from that is too much to stand. I don't know when I'm going to do this, but I am. I hope all of you have a life that gets close to how wonderful mine was and I hope even more that God or whoever is in charge doesn't rip it out from under you. 