First Attempt: 9 years old, Fourth attempt: 22- what's changed?

When I was young I grew up in an abusive household. My mother was beaten as a child and when I was a kid I was expected to behave according to whatever the rules where and punished for failing to follow them. I was beaten multiple times a day, most days of the week while my dad was at work. If she felt those beatings weren't working, she would ask him to do them. My dad almost never hit my brother and I, he was calm, but his marriage was failing and his parents were sick so he was never in a happy mood really. I almost felt like he was never really there except for the odd family-outing. 

The stress of this life was far too much for me as a kid and I tried to cut my neck open with a knife but I had to stop because it hurt too much. 

I finally left home when I was 16 and started living on my own. I felt like I was finally free. Then I began discovering just how socially disfunctional I truly am. I found myself making mistakes and then beating myself up for those mistakes, and it took a horrible break-up where I behaved like an insane person for me to realize that I was rehashing my parent's personalities within myself. I found that when I made mistakes, an inner drama would unfold; as if I was just a stupid child who like a fool had broken the rules and clearly made a mistake, and then my inner dialogue would inform me and threaten me with all the insults I heard from my parents.

Now that I am 24, I realize that these three characters: Passive uncaring male, torturous active female, and defunct mistake of a child form the entire contents of my personality- not my ego- which up until this point has been pretty confused.

So what's changed? I feel like a escaped hell only to become the demons I was running away from. 

How does this feel? It feels like I've been running down a mountain for 24 years only to realize the place I want to be is on the other side. 

Now I'm broke, homeless, without many close friends, cold, empty, prone to abuse others, and I absolutely just want to kill myself. I can't hold a job because in a work environment my mind begins to fume. I want to stop suffering. Now more than ever, only the thing stopping me is just this weird faint hope that maybe it can't get worse. This is however, exactly how I felt 15 years ago- and everytime after that. 

It's hard to explain to people, because everyone has a rough home story- but what happened to me has left me suffering long since I ran away from it all. When I am happy- I feel almost absent. When I was with someone I loved more than anything else in the world- I was happy, but I felt absent and detached. The same goes with every other moment I should have felt good. I realized that all throughout my life I have only ever felt TRULY good when I have seen someone I felt who deserved it suffer. This behavior in itself has led me to suffer more than I would like to think about- and caused me to hurt that girl like a maniac.

Now I'm honestly just done. I want to quit the game- even if it's the only game. I want to go to sleep forever. I REALLY do. The hardest thing for me has been just how crazy those I've talked to about it make me feel. I would just like one single person in the world to understand and let me know that it's okay to leave. I just want someone to acknowledge that I tried and that it's okay to die when it makes the world a brighter place. I suppose after a life of pain and unhappiness I would like at least to have a happy death?