I've finally made the decision. It's just a matter of time at this point.

I've battled depression my entire life and I'm fucking exhausted.

I'm tired of wanting things that I can never have and busting my ass trying to excel at things I'm clearly no good at. People who look like me or act like me don't typically get very far in life. I'm below-average in looks and probably about average in intelligence. I have a shit-ton of insecurities, so I’m constantly comparing myself to others. I don’t even feel like a normal person. I can’t have one normal conversation with someone else without stammering or otherwise saying something completely ridiculous or off-putting. I always seem to say the wrong things at the wrong time and end up alienating people. Interpersonal interactions seem to be a breeze for most people, but I have trouble doing simple Q&amp;A. 

I have to spend twice as long studying in order to get the same (or oftentimes worse) grade as my friends.  I’m tired of working so, so hard for something that I may not even really have the aptitude for and I’m also weary of constantly putting myself out there socially only to end up making a fool out of myself almost every single time. 

The thing is, I want to be so much more than what I am. I want to be intelligent, prodigious, and respected. I want to be able to wrap my head around difficult concepts with ease and effortlessness. I want to be able to write research papers about complicated, cutting-edge science that will win me awards as an undergraduate or at the very least prove to me that I’m not a completely inadequate, imbecilic student. 

But in reality for the most part, I am a dull, boring person - the type of person who would most likely end up working a 9-5 would job in a cubicle because that’s all she’s worth. I’ve made the decision to kill myself because ending up like that would be a fate far worse than death for me for a number of reasons. 

I've tried therapy, but I'm just not interested in "improvement" at this point. Improving would just mean that I've come to terms with my mediocrity and learned to accept it. It just seems like bullshit to me. I know that I'm a worthless, dispensable person. Finding a fucking hobby isn't going to change that fact or make me feel any better about it.
