I'm just so tired of faking everything.

I just don’t know if I can keep going anymore. I’ve had bad depression for as long as I can remember. But now I’m tired more than ever of waking and having to fake being happy, having to put on a smile. I hate being tall. I can’t angry or even a little frustrated in public or around my friends with out some one freaking out because i’m too big, but it’s perfectly fine if they do. I can’t even talk to people about how depressed I get because they just talk over me and act like they should be the one who is ranting. I never get to do that. No one ever wants me around, unless I make a hang out.  I hate seeing pictures of all my so called friends hanging out and being happy while i’m home by myself. I didn’t even have friends till I started high school. I was always made fun in school, everyday nonstop. Name called at me, food thrown at me, random punching. I guess being that fat kid I had it coming, right? But it happened so much, every day, I tried to take pills when I was younger to kill myself. The ones I took wound up being my mom’s sugar pills. I’m so much of a fucking failure I couldn’t even kill myself properly. I was on multiple pills and therapy. It didn’t help.

I also get horrible anger fits. Moments of pure rage that I can’t help but punch my self in the head, punch holes in my walls. I’ve gone through 5 doors in my bed room from punching them. Hurting myself just makes me feel better during these and it’s the littlest thing that can set me off, some times nothing at all. It makes my depression even worse that I can’t control it.

Recently I lost my job. I worked there for 4 and a half years. They let me go when the one guy showed up late, left early, took long smoke breaks and sometimes didn’t show up when our boss wasn’t there. But no, me. It was of course me, because why wouldn’t it be with my luck. I’ve just been so much worse and now I can’t find one and have to rely on my parents to help pay bills. I’m 25. I should be able to be on my own and pay my own shit. But I can’t because how much of a fucking failure I am. I dropped out of college. community college and don’t have any drive to go back. I tried to save money to move out and when I had it, boom i needed a new car. 

I’m tired of being alone and not having some one to love me. I get told “ Oh you’re better off being alone not being in a relationship” then those people turn around and talk about how amazing it is to be in love. I’ve never had a girlfriend and it hurts. I’ve tried asking girls out and some times I get laughed at. I’ve been told i’m to scary because i’m to tall. I’ve even been given rejection and suicide hotline numbers. I try, i really do, but I just can’t catch a break. I get i’m not slim and muscular, i’ve lost about 200 pounds since high school, but even girls who are heavier all say no to me. I try to have confidence but I can’t anymore. I just can’t. I’m 25, a virgin, live at home, fired from my job, stay in bed all day and cry. It just seems if I wasn’t alive everything would hurt less.

This may seem like nothing. But to me it’s a been a whole life of getting a raw deal. I’m just so tired of it. I try and read stuff that people recommened to make you think different or listen to words about changing life. Nothing works. I just don’t want to feel like this anymore. I would do anything to be happy, but it’s a pipe dream. It’s easier to just try to end it again.