The day finally came.....

My God I feel relieved that the day finally came.... 

After catching my fiancee banging some guy in my car, after being diagnosed with cancer, three surgeries, chemotherapy, losing my job, thousands in debt, having my family disown me because I no longer want to be mormon, and a deer smashing into my car today totaling it, the day has finally come.

Ill be honest.. This has been building for quite some time.  After my ex, and cancer I thought a lot about it.  The deer thing just pushed me over the edge tonight.  With my now bad credit due to chemo, I can't get my car fixed.  After losing my awesome job, I now have zero income and lost insurance which means I had to cover all my cancer treatments on my own.   Two months working my ass off for any job and getting told that I am "overqualified" for any position is fucking bullshit.   Fuck you mother fuckers.  

I think maybe some of us don't belong in this world.  Call it the easy way out, but suicide goes against every natural instinct.  Any creature wants to live.  Well... Not me I guess.  I cant get over the fact that maybe I don't belong here.  Maybe my lot in life was just to constantly get fucked over.   I don't know... It doesn't fucking matter anymore.  

To my beautiful ex fiancee:  I can't believe that you did what you did.   Did you not care if your actions hurt anyone else?  Your sister, your mom?  Are you that fucking self centered?   No, I don't forgive you.  Fucking someone else in my car is honestly unforgivable.  And besides, you're not sorry... You are just sorry that you got caught.  Had I not found you, who knows how long you would have lied to me.  Did I not give you everything you wanted?  Was I not there for you emotionally, physically, and everything!   I not only gave you everything, but you were my best friend.  How did it come to this.  I blamed myself.  It took me a long time to realize that I am not to blame.  You fucked me over.  I hope the rest of your days are perfect for you, and you can always remember how you fucked over your best friend.  All in all... Thanks for causing my life to snowball into hell.

To my family:

To abandon your son for any religion is insane.  Especially your religion that prides itself on family unity.   Family unity my ass.  Any church that would encourage anything like you guys did to me is not from any real God.  I am sorry it came to this... I really am.   I wanted a nice family.  Whats weird I never did anything wrong in my life.  Chris did everything wrong in life and you didn't abandon him.  And rightfully so, he is family.. But yet you abandon me over a fucking religion?  And yes mom, not talking to me for four months and ignoring my phone calls while I am dying of cancer is abandoning me.  I just wanted to know that someone cared... Fuck me right?

This whole thing might sound angry.  I am actually quite at peace though.  Tonight is the night it all ends.  Tonight is the night the pain stops.  I don't have to deal with it anymore.  

Goodbye you nightmare of a world!  Best of luck to those that deserve it, and to hell with those of you that don't.  

Farewell...   -  A broken soul