What's the point? There is no point, it's all delusion.

The only point is kids, procreation, furthering your genetics.

This is so boring; there is nothing to do, most are simply so preoccupied keeping up that they don't get to realize this.  Travel, OK, that's nice.  Nothing like sitting there for hours waiting to get somewhere. Hang out with people, but they just want you to validate them, the second you stop doing that, you're too depressing and not fun to be around.

I don't get it; at some point in the last few years, -maybe it's because of where I live-, the entire idea of interaction with another started to seem like a burden.  There isn't anything there; everyone is looking for differences, some reason to exclude you.  That's fine, their lives are probably boring, I doubt they have some interesting opinion I've never considered before, but what now?  There is nothing to do; the people around me are either lost in their own worlds or angry, there is no connection.  Seattle is such a fucking shithole; people actively attempting to keep each other out, entirely succesful.  There's nothing to do, no nightlife, clubs and meetups are just a chance for women to cherry-pick the men they want, outdoor activities often involve multiple hours stuck in traffic, everywhere you go there's a sneer.

I don't get it; how do people not die of boredom?  There is nothing here, absolutely nothing, falling back into routine because there is nothing else NOTHING, what a depressing mess.  What now?  I'm falling back into the habit of wishing the day was already over, it only takes a couple of days, nothing else to do, just a bunch of people who think they're better than you, who expect something from you, get mad when you don't do it, but won't do similar; like your very existence makes you indebted to them.  It's like the more I see of human nature, the less I appreciate it. Just a bunch of posturing; superficial personalities, dress nicely, watch how people treat you differently. Women "leaders" expecting you to lead in the interpersonal world, because it's convenient, lets them save their energy for their own lives, let you sacrifice it for them.  I hate people; this is all just a delusion, let's go buy some overpriced coffee and talk about how interesting some other moment was. Where is this going?  I don't like it one bit; I wish I never read the internet, I wish I didn't realize what monsters people actually were, what they think but dare not to speak, cowards, all of them. Let you speak out loud, become a martyr, laugh at you; no cohesiveness, nothing.  It's all a big fucking charade, a power grab, a transfer of resources from one party to another, entirely one-way.