Recovery update

When I last posted, I was in the throes of a massive depressive spell, out of my mind with an urgency to kill myself and the fear that I might do it. For a week or so leading up to that, I'd stopped sleeping and eating regularly, slowly being eaten at by the niggling stress of knowing what those feelings coming on were leading to. I knew I needed help, and I wanted it, but I just couldn't find it anywhere. In the US, it seems, having mental illness without insurance is a criminal act, and criminals must be treated as less than human, lest it devalue the treatment of those who are well.

After poring over the research, I'd decided to attempt self medication with an SSRI, and, pending those results, if I could find them, supplementing with an antipsychotic and ketamine therapy. I reached out to someone I knew who took one and talked them into letting me fill their prescription. It's been almost three months since I started at a moderate dose, and the effects have been subtle but effective. I no longer have intense sessions of hyper vigilance, and I haven't had any lead up episodes like what inspired my first visit here.

My mood hasn't improved much, but not having to worry about losing what little footing I gain to an intense bout of depression has made it possible to begin to attempt fixing things in my life. This month, most significantly, I started looking for work again as well as ways to get involved in things that interest me. It's not a full about face just yet, but I'm no longer sinking. 

Somwhere along the line in the past few months, I read an article that quoted someone describing his experience with suicidal people, both before an after the act. He called them "disorganized", and the moment I read it, it hit me. I looked around, physically and metaphorically, and I was surrounded by little things shabbily tucked aside, left undone, or done carelessly, and I became furious with it. How could I, of all people, have reliquished all control and responsibility for my environment? It wasn't me, and knowing I was sick wasn't a personal pass. I cleaned and rearranged everything around me, dusting, vacuuming, polishing, and reorganizing for the first time in a very long time. It felt great.

I've since created several routines, the morning one mostlly around taking the antidepressant and involves green tea, a light breakfast, and exercise. I now shower and change clothes every day, shave regularly, and give myself haircuts. I've started cooking more elaborate meals again and things for more than just sustenance. I've gained a little weight back, and the exercising has shown me how severely I'd atrophied, but it's improving. I've increased the resistance almost to max on the stationary bike, which I was unable to do when I started. It's the little victories.

I'm still broke. I stil haven't heard back from any of the jobs I've applied to this month. And I'm still not comfortable going out and mingling with society again just yet. But as long as this keeps up, I feel like I might have a chance to start living again. I'm almost happy.