I don't know how much longer i can last.

This is going to be a long one and I'm sure it's going to be full of grammatical mistakes and ill jump around alot but this is stuff that pops into my mind and im way to tired to proofread it.
     So I'm a 23 year old who lives with his parents with a dad that constantly treats him like shit, and a mother who during all of his late pre-teen till the age of 18 made him go to the guy who she cheated on with under the guise that "He made her happy". Also this persons two son's constantly made fun of him and not only them but everyone but maybe 3 people in school made fun of. 
     
I've only ever had two girlfriends in my life one in 2013 the other in 2014 and both of whom i liked/loved maybe a little to much, and thanks to them and a bunch of other factors like the fact that people STILL MAKE FUN OF ME some of which hurt so god damn much. I still remember one joke someone told me that was so out of the blue all i could so was just laugh at it but i kept thinking about it till this day and he said "Tresiques i bet that if you died and fell off of the face of the earth no one would notice" everyday and every night I think about this and when I keep seeing that yeah I think you're right no one would notice or hell if they did they wouldn't care.
   
 I keep loosing friends left and right and its my fault i know it is there's nothing that tells me it isn't cause it was my actions drove them away, but there was one recent one that i just wish i didn't drive away. It also doesn't make me feel any better when people make fun of me and say "I'm only joking" or some form of that statement that shit came from somewhere and it pisses me off  even more. 
    
 I realize that I probably will never find the "one" to grow up and live with and it hurts but then I remember "hey tresiques I bet that if your died and fell off of the face of the earth no one would notice". There's more i want to say...alot more but I just cant think of a good way to say them and "you should see a therapist" comments won't help cause ive been seeing one for the better part of...since the day I met my second ex gf since I met her going to see one. 
   
  I've tried to not let alot of this stuff not hurt me but more and more i find myself just crying myself to sleep and thinking maybe tomorrow i should just end it all and i see and hear about "Don't think about it, just do it" when i mention different stuff that usually applies to like going to the gym or going out for a jog which i do almost every other day and i don't feel better afterwards cause my thoughts immediately go back to what i was thinking before. 
    
 I try and change myself in ways that I think would make me happier but they don't and i always come back to this train of thought and I hate it i just straight up hate every minute of everyday and i always ask myself can i do it yet can i do it yet can i please just die why haven't I done it yet whats keeping me here and the only thing that does is "maybe there's a hell, maybe if it exists i'll go there" but then i think "If there is a hell this place must be it" there's only one person in the world who i would feel bad for, for leaving her behind shes done a lot for me but i can just feel myself slipping away. I just want to idk what i want to do everything i think i want turns out to be what i don't like i don't want to feel this way anymore and i just want to die and die now. Like i said before i'm typing this while i'm really super tired and I just wanted to say something.