Help please :(

I am at the breaking point right now.

Life was good. I had a great, well paying job (still do but the last two months have been awful as a lot of our senior staff have quit, meaning I am stuck doing five people's jobs by myself). I was in a relationship with a great woman. The catch? She is a prostitute. I did not know she was a prostitute when I met her, but shortly after we started dating she told me about it, as she wanted to make our relationship more serious.

I have no issues with her chosen line of work (she has a different career on the side). Yes, it can take a lot out of me some days when we have a date planned and she has to go 'work' last minute. But that was supposed to be coming to an end, as one day she phoned me up crying her eyes out to tell me that she was quitting.

I end up being as supportive as possible, tell her I will help her through her change of profession (she has a plan of what she wants to do with her life and is in the process of making that happen). This has been putting a bit of stress on me financially, as not only do I have to pay my own bills, but I have to take care of some of her bills to (this is most likely incredibly stupid of me, but I am so incredibly in love with her that I can't help it). She does not ask me for my help financially ever.

But lately, as she has been going through her depression brought on by her decision to quit work, she has been increasingly awful to me. I will go over to her place to help with chores, and she will take out all of her rage and frustrations on me verbally. I have a thick enough skin that I can handle it without responding, as I know she is a bit delicate right now.

But last night, as I was starting to look at my grad school application process, we both realized that I was wrong about my program starting in May. It starts in September. No big deal to me, as the grad school I will be going to is in another city, and we had our move planned for April. All that means to me is that I have four extra months to move and get settled in in a new city. To her? I have betrayed her because we had planned this big life change together and I kept saying that the program started in May and never bothered to confirm it prior to last night, so now she says she can't trust me any more and that she feels like I have conned her.

A lot of hurtful things were said to me, and despite my apologies, she is still incredibly pissed off and made me feel shitty enough that I just can't take it any more. I have done so much for her since I've started seeing her. I take care of her pets when she's not around, I clean her apartment, I take care of everything that needs fixing around her place, and I keep doing all of this cheesy romantic shit for her.

I know that it's not healthy to stay with her, but she really is one of the most incredibly amazing people I have ever met in my life. She is vivacious, and quite wonderful...when she is in a good mood. Which lately has been growing increasingly less frequent. It has brought me to the brink, and even though I know I have a lot to live for, I just can't take the emotional abuse any more.