Turn off the dark

I don't know what to do.  

I'm 27, and been married to the girl of my dreams for two and half months.  We grew up down the street from each other, and stayed in touch ever since.  I had a serious girlfriend in college, and ended up getting married to her and divorced the next day (infidelity on her part). I moved across the country, reunited with my now wife, and had a four year relationship that had ups and downs, but was tainted by my problems.  I have a problem with lying and commitment, and despite my wife's incredible support, open arms and understanding of problems, her openness about her own difficulties, I never fully opened up to her on my own accord.  She found out about my previous marriage by finding the old divorce papers while I was out of town. That opened up a torrent of discoveries of both big and small lies I told, which set us on an incredibly rocky path for almost a year.  I saw a therapist for a few weeks, and quit going because I felt like I had a handle on it, and didn't want to jeopardize my career.  During an extremely low point in our relationship, I even made plans to go visit a hooker, but never followed through.  I had an emotional affair with a close friend during the beginning of our relationship, and while it ended, I still lied and hid interactions with her from my wife because I didn't want her to feel uncomfortable.

I just recently started seeing another, much better therapist, gave my wife my phone and computer passwords, confronted my parents (identified as a source of my behavior), and generally am doing everything I possibly can to show her that I want to restore trust, and that she is absolutely the love of my life and I want nothing more than to spend my life with her.

This week, I made a mistake when recounting a story about an interaction with that female co worker, essentially combining two days of interaction into one. She discovered my mistake when she saw the dates and times on my text messages, and that triggered the avalanche of memories about all my other lies.  She is convinced that she is merely a place holder in my life for someone else, like this co worker.  I love my wife with all my heart, and have done everything I can to dedicate myself to rebuilding our marriage.

I didn't want to post this in any forum about relationship advice because I've read all the posts by men and women who are on the other side of a relationship with a liar, and I know what a horrible, awful person I am. I have been trying to get professional help, doing everything I can think of to climb back out of the hole I dug for our relationship, but can't seem to get anywhere. 

I feel like the flickering light in my world is going out, and while I've contemplated suicide before, nothing has ever felt this dark.
I always stopped myself before realizing that it would hurt my wife terribly, but after an argument last night and today where she gave me back her ring, told me she wished she never met me, that she wants to get separated and not ever speak to me again, I feel like while she might have some temporary pain, she would get over it without too much grief.  My life insurance policy is the most I can make it, and the instructions in my will are for it to be used to help her with debts, school, and bills. At least it would be some way I could take care of the person who means the most to me.  