Struggling

I am struggling with feelings of wanting to commit suicide. I called the suicide hotline twice in the past two days. They were helpful, but I was afraid to be honest with them because I don't want to go to the hospital. I was in the psych ward about two years ago and the experience was really really awful. Part of the problem is, I'm physically disabled and have rheumatoid arthritis, which is a very painful condition (I struggle with chronic pain, which is another reason why I want to end my life) and they refused to give me my pain meds – I'm on narcotic painkillers, and I'm on them for a reason – I don't abuse them – I never take more than is prescribed, but they have this policy in the stupid psych Ward That they restrict their use  because they automatically assume that everyone's addicted, even though they see i can barely walk. It was so incredibly painful – a terrible few days, and I signed myself out AMA and attempted suicide the next day. It was a waste, very difficult and painful and awful.So I really really really don't want to go back there. So I was afraid to be honest with the people. I'm also very isolated – I never go anywhere, partly because it's hard for me to get around – I use a cane and sometimes a wheelchair, but the only apartment I could find a few years ago was on the second floor – thank God, they finally opened up a first-floor apartment for me and I'm in the process of moving, but it's really overwhelming – there's so much stuff to pack and I only have a few weeks. My mother's been kind enough to come over and help every now and then but most of the work of course I have to do – which is difficult with my physical limitations. I'm trying to sort through stuff and get rid of it – it's just a huge job. I only have a month to go. And financially, I'm not doing well either – I can barely afford to pay my rent now, and it's going up $100 when I move. But I really don't have a choice – I can go down the stairs and I'm basically trapped in my apartment most of the time. It's not safe and it's very hard never to go anywhere.

I'm sorry, I'm rattling on – the long and short of it is I really want to die, and I have a method that I've chosen, but it's a very painful method and difficult, I saw someone die by that method in a movie, and it was awful – and I've done research online, and it's a bad way to die – slow and painful. I had something that would've been much easier (or so I thought – the Internet had information that it wasn't such an easy death either), but I gave it away because my friends were encouraging me not to commit suicide (I'm being super vague here because I don't want to give anyone any ideas) – I have some great friends, and I don't want to hurt them. But it's hard. They don't really get it. You know? They haven't been there. But I know they care. So I don't know

Thank you for tolerating my rambling.