Not even "that" seems like a good option anymore...

Throwaway. 

I've been with someone for five years. Throughout those five years, he's had on and off periods of being... violent. Hitting, punching, throwing things, breaking things. It escalates and then it stops and then it escalates and then it... yeah, anyway. Well. Usually I just sort of pretend it didn't happen. Until tonight, I guess.

He woke up because I changed the Netflix show. This was about a half hour after I changed it. I did happen to be glancing at something on my laptop when he woke up. So he asked me where the XBox controller was, and I told him not to worry about it because I had it and was watching a show. He got up. He turned off the XBox and slammed the door.

I should have shut up at that.

Instead, I asked him why he turned it off. "You were on your laptop! Not watching it! You changed the show on me, fucking bitch!" (Fucking bitch is his favorite term for me). No amount of explaining that he'd been asleep for a while before I even changed it, and that I'd been a half hour into the show, changed his mind. Then he started yelling at me about using his account, which has never been an issue before, because the XBox is in the living room under his account and our player in the bedroom is under my Xbox account. But tonight, apparently, this was an issue.

After that what happened is kind of a blur. I remember he grabbed the front of my shirt and started ripping it. I really liked that shirt. We ended up in the bedroom and he started hitting, and, well... well... I hit back, I admit it. I was scared and in a daze and I just wanted him to stop and... yeah. So now he's packed up his XBox and left, and here I am.

I don't know if I want him to come back. I just lost my job last week, too, the job where all my friends were. Most of them haven't spoken to me since I was fired. I can't tell them any of this. I don't know why I can't, but I can't. Everything seems really hard and awful, and I know where I'm posting this, but even suicide seems like too much effort.

I just want... some uplifting words, or something, or I don't know. But don't sugarcoat it. If I deserved it, explain? Maybe someone can tell me why he would get so angry. why he had a good reason to.

Thanks for reading. I know, TLDR.