I almost did it last night

Hello, I'm a long time lurker, but a first time poster. I am a 21 year old girl, who still lives at home, and I don't want to live anymore. All of my happiness is gone. I was supposed to go to therapy tomorrow, but I don't think I will make it.

It all started two weeks ago, my mom started doing radiation again. I wish my mom didn't have cancer, because she's always been one of my favorite people... anyways, two weeks ago was also when my boyfriend left without a word. He has since spoke to me, but things are strained. I lost my virginity to him, and I love him so much. He said I lied about something, but he won't tell me what. It's slowly killing me. I miss his daughter too, I had just met her, and was looking forward to creating something with the two of them. I have dated a lot of guys before, but none where I could see a future with. He's currently working far away, and the distance is slowly driving me insane.

My dad has yelled at me nearly everyday, and even kicked me out the other day. He doesn't want me. I don't think he ever did. My friends have dropped like flies, I was fairly popular, but since I got bad again nobody is here.

I hate my job, but I can't find a new one right now because I get anxious thinking about it. I feel like a failure because I'm not in school. I would love to go to culinary school, but the money isn't there and I'm too scared to get a loan.

I tired to kill myself on Halloween at a party, well maybe not kill; I just didn't want to feel anymore. I mixed pills (don't know what they were), weed, and booze. I was fine. I was perfectly numb for a fraction of a second, and then I wasn't. I remember everyone moving and I wasn't. I finally passed out on one of my few remaining friends. Some guy tried to molest me while I was out.

I want to get help, but at the same time, I would rather die than deal with this. I'm smoking a pack of cigarettes a day to cope with the pain. Nothing works. No pills. No drugs. Nothing. I highly doubt the therapy will help me. I will be opening up old wounds, and I can't do that. I can't be weak. 

I just really hate myself, and I know everything would disappear if I died. I've heard death feels like nothing, and that sounds so fucking nice. I have my doubts though, I don't know what to do. 