Please, please help me

I'm a wreck. I've been trying to hold it together tonight but it's not working. 

FUCK THE FATSHAMING REDDITS. I've been trying to look for plus size stuff, dresses, makeup, general support but every time I search I see so much fat hate in my results. Why do I care, do you ask? Why don't I just shrug it off and ignore the idiots because they don't matter?

Because it brings flashbacks of my childhood. My mom. My fucking mom. She should have been the person to build me up. To love me. To tell me I'm pretty when the rest of the world was telling me I was fat and ugly. But no. She joined in with them. Weight watchers at age ten. South Beach at eleven. Fat camp at 12. Atkins at 13. Another fat camp at 14. The infamous comment, "Zhaansgarden, I just want you to be pretty on your wedding day. A size 20 is a big dress."

That comment stuck, like a tattoo on my soul. When I finally did get married, I was size 26. I rushed the whole wedding because I didn't think I'd be pretty. I hated my wedding dress, but I was too ashamed to ask anybody to help me pick one out. I desensitized myself from my own wedding because of that one fucking comment, and I can't even look at the pictures without getting angry. 

My mom taught me that the only proper reaction to myself is hating myself. God. Fuck. Fuck her. 

The part that really puts the knife in my heart is how badly I still want her. I'm just a little girl who wants her mommy to protect her and hug her and make everything better. I want my MOM to love me. I want to be her pretty little girl. But I'll never be able to make that happen.

I want to walk into traffic. I was only ever taught shame, and that's all I ever feel these days. And she wonders why I'm in and out of psych wards. She wonders why I hate myself. She wonders why this is happening to me. BECAUSE OF YOU MOM. YOU DID THIS AND YOU DESERVE TO WATCH ME DIE. I want to take myself from her, leave a scathing suicide note and let her live out her days in pain, the way I live mine. I blame her for everything. I want revenge. I want this to end. I want her to mourn me knowing that it's all her fault, because if I do ever get around to ending it, it would be her fault. All her fault.