So I'm at a point where suicide is seeming like a reasonable option and that scares me.

As a bit of back story from a previous post

&gt;I'm a psych major so I know that it isn't my fault but there are many days where I feel like it is.
I remember the first time I saw agoraphobia and panic attacks depicted on TV. I thought to myself that's crazy there is no way that could be real. Fast forward a few years later when it happened to me.
I hid the severity of my anxiety from family and friends for years because I was embarrassed, felt stupid and was just plain scared of how people would react. I lost my job, screwed up college, lost friends and more over a period of 7 years where it was untreated and at most I travelled 3 miles from my house. At its worst I wasn't even able to go to the mailbox without shaking and almost breaking down in tears.
Finally about 2 years ago I finally found a psychiatrist that was able to get me on a combination of drugs that allow me some control over the panic attacks.
I don't see many people talking about the long term effects even once you've found a treatment that works.
My friends have been supportive and many days I think they are the only thing that keeps me going. One friend in particular knew something was wrong for years but never pressed knowing that I would come to him when and if I was ready. He helped by pushing me a bit, being there to support me as I began to venture back out in the world. Whether it was going for a walk, driving somewhere new, or just being there to listen and offer whatever help he could.
On the extreme other end is my family, who either acts like it's not a real issue and I am just faking it, to the just man up there is nothing wrong with you. This surprises me even more when my uncle suffers from severe ptsd and schizophrenia and how they treat his mental health issues vs mine.
How my family treats me and the issue in general affects me still. I'm 28 years old and feel like a complete failure. I hate myself for being weak even though I know it's not my fault. Many days I wonder what's the point. Even with treatment I still worry about crashing again and it makes it very difficult to feel motivated. Some days to the extreme of what's the point of even trying.

So where I'm at now is that I'm going to be homeless in about 2 weeks... friends of mine have been letting me stay with them for a couple months but they need their house back for the holidays... They have already put themselves out for me and given that the holidays are coming up and they have already done a ton for me its feels completely unfair to ask them to do more or to put this on them.

My relationship with my mom is terrible. Every time I speak with her I come out feeling like shit and closer to the edge than when I started. I feel like I'm running out of options and that there is no light at the end of my tunnel and I really don't know what to do anymore.

I'm also in debt up to my ears and feel like I'm never going to catch up.
