Nope. No. It's not gonna work. No.

I'm delusional. i think it may work and then I remember I'm well and truly beyond hope. There's too many things. Too many. Phone people don't get it. They just don't get it. they think if you see a doctor it will get fixed. I really wonder if those people have any clue at all. Some of them shuffle me off the phone. Like they've decided I've been alloted my 10 minutes and then get an annoyed voice. They say, you know we are here if you need to talk, while Im hanging onto the phone like this desperate person, oh wait, I am a desperate person. I thought once I met an angel. I mean a real one. Not in a vision, she sat next to me and knew everything about me. Other weird thing.s One time at a tube station at Mile End in London. This girl came through the crowd to me and said someting about love or something and she looked so happy in her eyes. She kept smiling at me. It was so strange. And then later I thought, what the hell was that? Was that real? She looked real, but I started thing she was an angel or something. But I think that's me being delusional again. It's desperation. Just like that man that was in WWII concentration camps who wrote that book. He said there were some men who believed they would be okay on x day, but when that day came the man died. He had a name for it. That's probablywhat I do. I want to believe in angels and fairies and signs and stuff but it's just me being desparate. Oh my god, i wish I would get on with it and just do the deed. Not sex unfortunately. I wish that was the deed I was gonna do. God, I remember when sex was everything, while it was happening and i was so happy. Sweaty and thirsty and happy. I used to smoke then. I had that cigarette and big glass of water and huge breakfast the next morning and I was so happy. The day was just mine. THe sun felt like love. Why can't I feel that now. I am just a ghost girl. If I die maybe I can haunt mean people. NO, fuck that, maybe I can help or something. I'll probably just be dead. What am I talking about. I"m so tired now I don't want to work when I am dead. Sometimes I hope I am just dead, I mean when I'm dead, just be nothing. Just nothing, just dark, non existence. If anyone actually reads this don't worry about trying to get me to a doctor or psychologist or anything. It wont help. I mean, I'm sorry to take up space here. I hope I didn't take anyone's time. I just need to know that I can die. I can die. God, I hope I don't talk about it forever and never do it. I really think I'm getting closer. 