A 7 year old told me they wish I was never born

This 7 year old happens to be my nephew, he has told me before that he wishes I was dead. I've never really gotten on with him or any kid for that matter. Is it bad that I'm actually considering killing myself so that he gets the blame? I don't even need to ask, I already know it's a bad thing. But he's right, I'm a horrible person. I'm selfish, rude, greedy, annoying etc. I'm not a nice person at all, but these are symptoms of my anxiety so I can't even help it, these are values that I've adapted to cope with my issues, and he wishes I was dead because of it.
 Way before he came along and said those words I was depressed anyway, if anything he just validated my feelings. I could go on a long rant about how terrible I think my life is, but there's really no point. The main reason I want to commit suicide is because I have social anxiety and depression, I've been working at how to cope with it for years and I've had no success, I always end up back at square one. I've never had and will never have a boyfriend or real friends because I have low self esteem, and I tend to only attract people who want to take advantage of me, I'm failing at school, and I pretty much hate myself. I see no way of undoing any of this...when I try to make my life better I always end up over thinking things, I get overwhelmed and feel like life is too complicated to live so I come to the conclusion that I'd rather be dead. I'm 19 and I've wasted my entire teenage years on the internet, I'm literally addicted to the internet, probably because it distracts me from my problems. All I really want is a simple life where everything is straightforward, and my anxiety doesn't rule everything I do. Reasons I want to live are: to get married and have at least one child, to travel, to experience university and independence, to see the day when my problems don't rule my life. But the reasons I want to die outweigh the reasons I want to live.
 By posting this I'm hoping somebody can help me shift my perspective, because I don't feel like I can cope anymore,  I don't want to die, I just feel like it's the only solution to all of my problems. What I've written here is only what's on the surface.