Help: My wife wants a divorce and despite all of the evil that she did I'm heartbroken and don't know if I can take it this time around. She's also speaking foul about me all over the internet. What can I do?

I posted before about this, but now the situation really hit rock bottom it seems.

As mentioned before, I have OCD, generalised anxiety disorder and depression which can turn clinical, and I've had these problems since i was a child.

I'll say the backstory again:

I met my wife through where else but Yahoo Answers - we were "friends" back then - she's 26 years-old, from Spain, and was dating a 65-year-old man. She spoke vile things about him to me and to many others then. She left him and moved in with a 60-year-old man. The same thing happened. I mention the age due to the difference, but know that age doesn't always matter.

Last year i suffered a broken ankle, and since my family did not help, as they're very wealthy and see me like a burden (even with my brother and sister telling me to go kill myself, and I'm not joking) - she sent me funds from the UK which I accepted only after she insisted many times. Then I became bait. One day she suddenly buys her ticket to where I live, and we move in together. Every day she wrote me very long emails saying how she wants to be with me for eternity, etc.. I knew that she had a pretty extreme way of thinking, as she's pretty much a militant vegan, believes that she'll live to be at least 200, and is not human, but from an extraterrestrial species - no joke. I did not know that she was being very serious about these last two points, and she seemed pretty sane when she said that.

I was very emotionally vulnerable back then and accepted her coming over here. Then hell ensued. She would throw a tantrum every other day, tried to control me in every way she could. I could not get a haircut. I could only wear shorts, sandals, and a t-shirt. I had to eat exactly what she ate, etc.. I could not call my friends from within the house because she would hear everything.

The situation got so bad that I started drinking heavily and gambling, and I'm not addicted to either. The latter I stopped completely, but I still have a couple of whiskeys or beers now and then just to forget.

Anyway, this girl is clearly not emotionally/mentally stable in any sense. The foul things she tells me are horrible. I've never been told that "your family had to stand you all your life - poor them" or "I can't believe how your job put up with you for so many years". 

These words hurt horribly and despite this, I still love her (or I think I do) and now she wants to file for divorce, as I didn't change the way she wanted me to in 1 year. We've been married for about 5 months. I feel guilty. I started smoking more, drinking more, etc.. because she was making me lose my mind. Or because I let her make me lose my mind.

She had huge tantrums - one in particular - where she started banging the walls and screaming like she was possessed after I told her - peacefully - that I felt like ending myself. That this is too much. Everybody advised me to call the police. I did not.

Now she's abroad and extended her trip until the 6th. She claims to be asexual, and I know asexual people - I went through an asexual phase myself - and she's anything but that. She's probably getting laid by somebody else and this thought rips me to pieces, because if there was one good thing in our relationship it was sex once a month or once every two months. That's when one feels closer to the partner, and it's horrible to think this.

Right now, she's probably fucking some guy on her trip and writing vile things about me to everybody. I never ever did anything wrong to her - my conscience is clear. On the other hand, she destroyed me, yet I still have feelings for this person. I feel used and trampled on, and the thought of her writing to a whole bunch of people - maybe even my more normal family members - made me literally vomit.

I have a history of overdosing and once I almost jumped off a building. Now that I have the apartment to myself i feel like tying this nuzzle to the roof and just ending it, but I cannot pull through the act. I married her to rebuild my trust in people, as I've been used over and over agaii. I thought it would be different this time around. People let me down constantly, and I'm scared shitless of hurting myself beacuse It's been 35 years of hell.

Any advice would be welcome, and no, I am not trying to play the victim. I'm on medication but don't have time to see a therapy due to all of the working hours.