the christmas season is all that stands forth anymore

when the last christmas tree comes down, and the last light is night
when the seasons decide to change mind and become the first winter

that is when i will go.

i do not know how i will go, i only know that i will drive as far as i can before i run out of gas and decide the end there, most preferably without the resulting death of anyone else. my story is not as sad, not as dark and depressing, not as angry and not as extensive as others may be, but it is what will cause my end.

death is said mostly to come from when pain becomes too much to cope with and that it is usually a jump-to-the mind conclusion, but its been many years of debating and constant sadness. the nights and the mornings are the hardest usually, but they become the same after each day.

i am seventeen, male.

i have been suffering from depression for the better part of four, five years at least. most of it i guess has been self-caused, a lot of it comes from self loathing, hate, how i don't accept certain things about myself. i understand the fact i suppress my self feelings, but i guess now i've come to accept that i do and that change just doesn't happen. i lack the motivation for the things that once kept me better and healthy, mostly from my poisoned self perspective. 

i've seen over three doctors in regards towards my depression and self loathing but nobody sees it from how i see it. they see it as treatable, as nothing except for a lack of sleep or a lack of healthy diet, (which i have plenty of)

my depression and sadness comes from five years ago, when the possibility really came up that i was potentially not straight, and i guess since then a lot of those feelings and thoughts were compressed until only over the last year, where there had been a lot of anger and confusion since then.

the real tipping point has to be when my parents found out and have since been constantly bothering me in regards to why i am not more open about it, why i don't like it. they seem to be accepting, but that means shit unless i can accept it. which, i don't want to and i can't. in full honesty, my life seems better without than with. the only reason why they knew was because they had hooked up my phone without letting me know to send all my text to their phone, only out of concern. 

i don't really like my parents as people, maybe my father but as people, i do not want to be around them. while maybe they were good parents to an extent, they are people i honestly just don't understand. their morals clash with mine in many points and their perspectives are outdated. i love them, but about most things, love has been something that hurts me instead of helps me. its been years since i'd felt real love.

as much as i hate to admit it, my life seems pointless and i don't want to keep going. after high school ends, i'm forced to either stay at home for an additional few years while i'm stuck in a dead end job, or i go to college for four years and come back with thousands of dollars in student debt and forced to live off my parents for a few years. it just all seems pointless. i have friends, many but none of them are really close to me.

there is no, "it gets better" side of things that i'm lead to, it ends with either death or it stays forever. i am constantly keeping search for looking for some sort better life, and the sad thing is that i haven't found anyone, met anyone of any sorts who has made it out of it without the constant struggle of their inner demons.

the thing is, i'm always going to be constantly struggling with this, even if i do accept it, which i don't even want to. its not something i can control, but death is.

happiness is something that i know i can't just find, or something that i can really control, but i feel like i deserve at least the feeling of being content, instead of constant discomfort, or anger, or loneliness, or any other things.

i make this post mostly because maybe there might be some magical phrase or advice or something that might just instantly make me happy that i haven't found, but its obvious that its not going to happen because once i hit submit, very few people will see it, even less will respond, and none will make the difference.

i guess that's it...

there isn't anything else to say...






