I cant stop fucking up (19m)

I tried to end it in highschool, my junior year. I was 17 I ended up in the hospital in and out of in-patient treatment centers for 6 months. I basically acted good and faked it until they let me out. After I got out I was a mess, no surprise there. I was so angry with the world and everything in it. I graduated highschool (barley). That felt good. My dad was proud of me and I did'nt feel like a piece of shit for a while. I enrolled into community college but I failed all my classes, regestered next quarter, then failed those, then got kicked out for a quarter, and spent the next few months depressed off my ass in my parents basement. I hardly slept or ate, and I wasn't consistent with taking my anti depressants idk if you know what thats like but basically my perception of reality heavily tainted.fd I went back in the spring, and guess what, I failed again. haha i know what your thinking, this guy is a fucking idoit, well it doesn't end there. So i failed a whole year, at this point I started smoking and drinking again to cope with being a fuck up and wasting a year of my life and thousands of my parents hard earned money. I wanted to go back in the fall( this fall) but I didnt want my parents taking financial responsibility for my education anymore. I got a job at a grocery store, which was hell because of my social anxiety. and ended up quiting after a month. I spent all my which was suppose to be for school on weed. Im a piece of shit I know. I spent this summer locked up in my house. I didnt socialize at all. Id stay at home for weeks without leaving the house. Most days I didnt even shower or get out of bed. I couldnt even look in the mirror. I still have trouble doing that..

near the end of the summer I got a job with great tuition reimbursement program. my parents paid upfront tuition and I was going to work until the end of the quarter and get reimbursed. I was so happy and motivated never to get as low as I once was. The job was shitty, really shitty. But I didnt care. I wanted to prove to myself I could put in the hard work and make something of myself. I wanted to show my parents theyre son wasnt a failure. I started socializing a lot more as well! I took risks and called people up! It was worth it now. I've meet some pretty cool people these last few months. Anyway school started this september and I was excited as hell to get back on track. I did good for the whole month of October, but I started to slip up. I started smoking and drinking heavily again, I skipped class, partied with friends every weekend, didn't turn assignments in on time etc. Coming to class fucked up was a common occurrence. I tried coke and acid for the first time too. I also got injured at my job and had to quit this friday. No more reimbursement money :/ I didnt want to tell my parents. About a week ago i stopped taking my meds.I was done. Done living. Done being a fucking loser. I didnt care what happened to me. I asked my friend where he got the coke and he gave me the number. But I didnt text him. I sat in my car crying for an hour and forced myself to go to an na meeting. The drinking was getting out of hand and I didnt want to create another problem with the coke. I stayed for five minutes then left. I spent the next few hours driving around running red lights, speeding. I wanted to die. eventually I went home and called a sucide hotline oh yeah i took  3 extended release adderall 25mg each that afternoon so I was rolling. I told the guy my story and we talked for an hour. We actually had a lot in common and I felt unburdened opening up to someone for the first time in my life. He convinced me to delete the coke guys number and to eat something. We ended up making plans to chat tomorrow. But since we've talked Ive told my parents the truth about how Im failing out and how Ive been drinking again and it tore them apart. It was the worst feeling in the world. I dont know what to do now. I cant seem to do anything right. I wish i were dead. I wish I was never born. I wish I had the stomach to pull the trigger