I don't know what I'm doing and it scares me.

I've noticed a small - well, huge - problem with how i interact with other people. as if i put on a different persona for every person i meet. run everything over in my head so i dont say the "wrong thing" even if its not...me, yknow? and i'm not sure if this is even true, its just how i've been perceiving it recently and this just might be completely normal i have no idea.

Recently, i've been caring less and less about school. In middle school, i was a straight A student. first two years of high school i was on honor roll. but then i just let it slip from me. i don't do my work anymore. i dont care enough to. i'm too busy worrying about every thought that crosses my mind. i had a 2.7 GPA last year at my lowest. i don't know why i did that.

i have friends in school, i guess. but i mean. i don't really talk to them. i dont really connect to them. i dont really feel like i deserve it, deep down i guess. i dont know. that could just be made up, but thats how i feel right now.

the friends i have online have...drifted. for good reasons. i've destroyed trust, manipulated others, and just generally made things uncomfortable. no one really likes me, and i fear i'll carry this with me into reality, and i'm going to hurt and destroy everyone i've ever known and loved. or anyone that's ever cared for me.

the hatred i feel towards my family is out of control. i constantly start arguments, much like i do, well, everywhere else. i blame them for all of my problems. i blame them for not taking me to a therapist. i blame them for influencing me and plaguing me and morphing me and molding me. i blame them for everything. and i think i'm right.

this is my first time really reaching out for help. even though i know i'll most likely brush it off, even though i know i'll most likely treat it like unweighted, worthless pep talk. suicide appeals to me now more than it ever has, and i've been suicidal for the past four years. i need help. i really do.

i dont know what im doing. at all.