I don't know what to do anymore.

I think I'm having a mental breakdown. I don't really know. I think I've been depressed for a really long time. Suicide has really kinda always been a thought for a while. Mostly just an intrusive thought though. Back then I knew I wouldn't do it. I know the consequences. I don't want my family to go through that. I don't want my friends to go through that. But now, as the thoughts become more and more aggressive, it actually seems like a viable option. 

I mean. I'm really at a point where I've really fucked up my life. Realistically, it's not as bad as most people. It's just the most screwed up my life has ever been, and I don't know what to do.

The source of the problem is I'm a lazy piece of shit. The smart kid growing up that always got praised for my "natural gift." So, fuck being a good student, right? I'm smart, everything has always just kinda worked it's way out for me before, it'll happen again, right? Except it won't. I'm in too deep now. 

I've had depressed feelings for many years now. Only since college has it really peaked though. I started skipping class, because sleeping sounded better. I was apathetic. But I'm also smart too, right? So I'll just make up what I missed in my free time. But I didn't. I just slept. Skipped more class. Starting failing class. Got put on academic probation. Kept telling my family I was doing great, I love college. Lost my scholarships. Told all my friends I'm fine. This semester though, it'll be different. Skipped class. Skipped again. Stopped going to class. Spending all my money on weed, because being high is better than worrying about my life. My parents still don't know. Still haven't paid for this semester. Owe the school 18,000 dollars. Where am I going to get 18,000 dollars? I can't register. Parents are worried. Saw a letter of my academic probation. My anxiety is worse everyday. Wondering why they haven't gotten the information to pay my tuition. Keep thinking I forgot it. And I just keep thinking I'm smarter than them.

They can't know how big of a fuck up I am. My older brother already dropped out and still lives at home. I quit premed when they expected a doctor. I'm computer science now, and love it. But I'm too lazy and apathetic to go to class. When I do go, I can't pay attention anyway. It used to be self diagnosed ADD. Random thoughts popped in, couldn't focus on one thing. But now, it's mostly just anxious thoughts and suicide that cloud my mind during class. Fuck it though, right? Everything will work itself out for me, like it always has.


I've seen a counsler twice. Hadn't really gotten anywhere. We talked about my constant fear of being lonely. And my unrequited love for a girl that doesn't talk to me. Which compared to everything else happening, isn't even a big deal.

Really. I just want a way out. I want the easy way out. If I talk to my parents, they will know how big of a fuck up I am. My anxiety won't let me talk to them about it. Or anyone else. Just here, because you don't know who I am. This protects my image, so it's okay. God forbid anyone who I actually know find out that I may kill myself over all this.

I don't want to leave this place to go back home and stay with my parents, which is a good possibility if I told them. I don't want to leave my friends. And what I actually mean by that is, I don't want my friends to know how fucked up I am. 

If you actually read all my eratic thoughts, I'm amazed really. I can't sleep, and I'm trying to keep myself from having a panic attack. Suicide seems like a good option tonight. I'm not going to do it though. I wish I could.