I feel worse every day

Hey.

I don't know what to do anymore. I don't even know where to start. I don't know if I'm depressed or not, I haven't ever seen someone professional about it, and I guess I'm scared, I don't know why.  I haven't talked to any of my friends about it either. I know I could, they are great, but some of them are going through a rough patch themselves and I don't wanna bother them with more. 

I'm feeling really shitty, I'm demotivated, I have suicidal thoughts, I can't get anything else on my mind. I haven't gone to university for 2 weeks now. I have had this problem for probably 6 years now. Parts in my life, where I just don't wanna keep going anymore, it has been better and worse, but the last few months have been horrible. I don't know where that comes from and it scares me. I have everything in my life that I need, I go to university, I have all my family, I have great friends, I have no debts, not great amounts of money, but I get through, I'm not horribly looking etc.. I may not have the best grades, but they are ok, good enough to not worry about them. And still, I feel worse every day. I can't get this thought of killing myself out of my head. 

I personally don't really value life itself. I literally have no reason to live, the only thing that keeps me going is that the reason to die isn't good enough either yet. Everything I, or anyone could possibly achieve in my life will be gone at some point. Even if I will be remembered for generations, at some point humanity and finally everything will cease to exist. Why would I bother? 

I have talked about that kinda philosophical thought with some friends when we were drunk in a jokinly manner, noone could give me a proper answer. I hope maybe I'll find one here, maybe someone of you can give me advice. 

I don't even know if that thought has anything to do with me feeling like shit every day, if it causes it, if it is caused by it. I'm feeling really lost right now. Thanks for any replies in advance. 