That Old Coat

I went to the emergency room today. 
I waited behind an older couple who had stepped in front of the line. 
They were nothing special to look at except the old woman was dressed beautifully. Her coat looked like it was made out of a rich fur, her shoes glittered with old world charm and her eyes were a unique crystal blue. She was sitting down and held her head close to her shoulder, her forehead wrinkled with pain. 
She sighed once a minute. 
Her husband held their place in line. He was grave. The news he was imparting on the receptionist was so serious that he had sped, as fast as possible for a man of that age, to the front of the line to make sure his wife received the best care.
"I am very sorry for this." He turned to the line.
Being closest I replied, "It's fine , it hap---"
"No it's not alright, I wouldn't do this except depression is a very serious matter."
My smile froze.
He sat down to comfort his pretty, pitiful wife.
"Next!" 
The receptionist had called me twice. Flustered, I described my pain and sat down. 
I was pleasantly surprised that this man had taken every effort to conquer his wife's pain. They obviously lived with her depression but they didn't live in it's shadow.
 Depression may not go away completely and it may never be cured. It's an everlasting thing that can be told to leave for a certain amount of time only to turn up on the doorstep uninvited and unexpected in a week, a month, a year later.
This couple had fought it together, remained united together against it for decades because depression is never something new. It feels old and lived in, a well-worn coat, from day one. He had loved her weaknesses and she had cherished his strength. Her beauty hadn't tarnished under the strain. She may have been older than she was when they married, two nervous smiles facing the future together, but she was still gorgeous.
It made me think.
Depression isn't a once and done thing. It's a war that requires love in the form of letters, medicine, and a solid understanding that we're a team. It's the lone man that dies, never the family. I thought about the suicide watch community and came to appreciate what we have and what we can be.
I tell this story because I hope we're all here in 90 years cackling and crying in the face of our doom.
Think about it.