Lonliness and solitude...

I have a few things say... and really nowhere else to say it. I'll give background first. 

Writing and communicating effectively- never was something that really came easy to me. I am the youngest of four sibilings , and for most of my early life was spent in silence as others developed certain ranges of communication. Coupled with this was the fact that, all four of my sibilings and I were homeschooled ( each for certain periods of time) so, social development was slow but we would all make and uncomfortable transition to public(and private) schools.

I say this because now, as a high school senior (and currently more or less homeschooled) I can tell you that I never made a full transition into the academic or social aspect of public school, and many problems I currently face can be linked to it. My first day in public school was in 5th grade. Academically, I had anxiety. The curriculum was different and hard to understand, everything felt rushed and low quality, just doing things to say you did them. I was accustomed to having time in school, and grew to hate small time frames to work in general. Next was the social aspect. Not much happened here, over the course of five years ( I left high school in the middle of 10th grade). It helps to note here that I was black in a predominantly white school. Neither the slurs ,basketball jokes, arguments about black culture, or the people who wanted a "tolkien" black friend is what bothered me. In fact following seventh grade its almost what I expected, not all of them truly meant offense in what they said and it was understandable. What would infuriate me was the expectation to act "black", or more ghetto, and be referred to as not "really black" because I acted "too white" ( speaking in full sentences use of logic ect.). Hearing that was worse than any personal insult, and it showed the true depth of ignorance of those who though that way.

So the few "friends" I had weren't really my friends truly and all relationships in school stayed very shallow ( partly due to self sabatoge). Besides not being able to relate in any way shape or form to this group of "friends", I realized that most of these people had really grown up together (seems obvious I know) experiencing development of the human psyche and making friendships ( while most aren't lasting to college or middle age it still carries importance). I hadn't and never felt as though I was a part of something or shared a frame of mind with someone. I was just there, in pain, telling myself it would eventually get better, things would get better.

At 10th grade I stpped lying to myself about the social and academic realities in school. There were people everywhere but I was completely alone. There were teachers,textbooks, and coursework but no learning or growth of understanding of the world I was in. I never assimilated academically or socially. I woke up one morning and wondered what I had learned. The following school break, I didn't return.

The two years that would follow involve getting a job, a small degree of solitude, and a lot of lonliness. Its my preference to be honest (made a new account just for it) and the only thing that has kept me from suicide was making my art and hearing good music. It worked for a while. Out of the mountain of lonliness came that ounce of solitude, the joy of being alone. I tried to rekindle the interests of the mechanics of the world I didn't understand yet, while looking for ways to better the world later in life either through humanitarian methods or a different social scale. This would backfire as the more I learned the more I was discouraged overall. I have some degree of identity and understanding of how complicated things can be and I feel mostly rudderless and fatigued about it. So right now... I feel forced to go to college, something I really don't want to do (something all other sibilings did). I think I should say as well that my situation mainly doesnt really echo mainly of frustration, although that's a part of it. What I really feel is continuous fatigue, mental and physical. Fatigue from arguing all the time. Fatigue from trying to be patient. Fatigue from ignorance (my own as well as others). Fatigue from just trying to find a way.
Fatigue from just trying. I'm quite young at the moment, and if this same fatigue is the one I am supposed to grow old and die with, I would simply prefer not to live. 
Thats about it.

Thanks for reading