I want to go home.

So far my life has been a series of ups and downs. I'm only 20 but I feel as If I've lived enough and the only place that I can call home is not here, not in this body and definitely not in this life. Death feels like home. I've never had a best friend, I've barely ever had any true friends at all, everyone I've ever know has either bullied me to extreme lengths or been my 'friend' in order to use me and then ditch me when most convenient, leaving me alone. My family hasn't been much better, since my brother was born when I was 5 my dad took to taking out his anger on me, I can't count the scars I've been left with from being pushed down stairs to being stabbed with various objects. My mom didn't do much about it apart from fight with him which just made him more angry. She finally left him 5 years ago but they decided to have joint custody so that my brother and I were forced to go to a different house almost every day after school and carry everything around with us. I guess these things explain why I threw myself into meaningless relationships and affairs since the age of 14, I was so lonely all the time I wanted someone to call my own. I couldn't help myself but cheat in these relationships,I felt wanted when I was with someone, no matter who it was. Along came a guy that I fell in love with, he lied about how he felt, we did things, and broke my heart. Cliché right? Things finished, a couple of relationships later and he comes back to me, I still had feelings for him and I couldn't turn him away. We were together for 3 years and it started with the mental abuse. I wasn't allowed to speak to guys much less hang out with them, eventually I wasn't allowed to speak to most girls either. When I got home from seeing him at school I would have to get on skype right away until the moment I went to bed. I wasn't allowed to have social media or talk to anyone once I was home. If he found out I did any of these things then he would threaten me and at the time I thought i was so in love I couldn't risk that. After our first year together it got worse, he started getting physical, having violent outbursts whenever we were together and I did the smallest thing wrong. I touched his ass as a joke once and that landed me a fat bruise on my back. I tried committing suicide when I was partly through this, it didn't work very well. He knew I wasn't okay, that I was self harming, but every time I tried getting him to change and talk about it he shut me out. I got into university two years ago and I thought things might change. I met so many people I was ready to let go of him so I managed to break it off. I proceeded to cut loose and go crazy on boys and drugs. My grades dropped and I almost failed the year. I made many friends but none stuck. Halfway through the year I met someone who made me so happy, we would stay up for hours talking about random things and it was the best thing ever, we never ran out of anything to talk about. We both had feelings for eachother but he wasn't looking for anything serious, it crushed me as I thought things were finally changing. That's when his best friend decided he liked me, liked me too much. Shortly after was a night I hope I will one day forget, I was raped and as loudly as I cried for help none of my flatmates bothered to check if I was okay or to see what was going on. I can still see the blood stained sheets as if it was yesterday. I met someone else on my course and we hit it off pretty quickly, I then became friends by association with the rest of my course. Things were great for the first 6 months and then downhill like every other relationship. I'm not often truly happy, and I feel lonely even when I'm with people, he didn't and still doesn't understand this. I tried to explain why I'm like this one night and he fell asleep. I care about him a lot but he doesn't understand and doesn't try to either and it hurts to be left alone with nobody to talk to. I feel like everyone I meet just doesn't give a crap or forget I exist. I throw myself into activities and jobs in the hope that I'll meet someone that will care but I always end up overloaded with work, stressing me out even more.
I honestly really am just ready to go home.