Trapped because I don't want to hurt family, have been for 5 years

My Dad is 64 and while the last ten years has been a nightmare of loneliness, failure, and stupidity--things I did, wasting opportunities for help and just scatterbrained cowardice than me I am an unemployable 28 year old woman living with a mother I have a toxic relationship with--my Dad loves me, against all common sense. He is the rock of our family. 

I am suicidal when I consider having to live until the end of HIS life, so he can be there for my two brothers. I am a fucking child and mental patient NOW, weary, stupid, and unable to be an adult in any situation; I cannot imagine taking care of him when he is old. I can't take care of myself. 

It hit me today reading this http://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/09/world/on-berlin-wall-anniversary-somber-notes-amid-revelry.html?_r=0

reading about young people dying trying to escape a society more oppressive than I can imagine, and the words of parents that never recovered from loss.

I am in tears now. I have known for at least a year if I wasn't so scared of fucking up, I'd kill myself tomorrow. I actually resent my family for it. I want to stop people interviewing for a job and tell them, point blank, I'm only going through the motions and smiling through the ridiculous hopelessness of this moment and my complete unworthiness because I have no other way out. I don't want this job. I DON'T want to talk to you, or lie about being competent when inside I'm terrified. I don't want to fucking meet your polite grin. 

I shouldn't be here. I can feel it in my skull, like lead; that awareness that throbs. I shouldn't be here. I don't want to feel my own emotions, or feel myself in my own body. 

I am here for my family but much like one doesn't know how long pain from an illness will be bearable, I don't know how much longer I can take of who I am, because things are not getting better, and I know now--through brain fog, loneliness, and making mistakes bigger than I imagined I ever would when I was first diagnosed as depressed, or realized how unmotivated, lazy, stupid and scared I am as a person on a "good" day, how HORRIBLE it is going through "normal" human emotions, the full body experience of jealousy, fear or loneliness...I know it never will. 

This is who I am. I hate that person; I hate living her life. I hate her, because I am living with the consequences of her stupidity, her weakness, and finally, the things I just can't control that shaped the course of my stupid existence. I don't even want help anymore--not really. 

I'm tired. 

The days I imagine killing myself and finally getting one fair, right outcome out of my time on this earth for myself, I think of hurting my father and brothers, and the dread and guilt are unbearable unto themselves. 

Neither suicidal ideation, the failure and frustration to just be self-sufficient that drive it, loneliness, exhaustion or that awful image of destroying my family go away. Companion demons. 

If you read, thanks for reading. I know I have it so much better than most of the people posting here. 