Posted a thread here yesterday, but only a single person replied, would like a few other viewpoints on my situation -I've lost most interest in seeing my life through

As the title says, I posted here yesterday, but only got a single person to answer. I came to a sort of consensus, but I'd like to know what other people think. I haven't had the opportunity to go see anyone yet, and won't until monday. I'm not at any risk till then (and likely won't be). As such this is sort of a repost to help people understand my situation.

I suppose I'm not so much fixated on absolutely committing suicide currently, but do consider it multiple times a day. This has happened for a few years now, but it hasn't been this bad in a long time. I've actually had a suicide attempt in 2010 - I don't think anything really came out of it though, it only made me miss out on a month of school. There was very little therapy and medicine involved after the attempt.

To put it shortly, I don't really have any reason to go on. I know all human beings have a drive to keep on going - I don't, really. I'm sort of apathic to the whole thing.
I have a rather unhealthy mindset (that I'm not going to change, as I'll explain later) where I essentially dictated that, should everything not come to me easily I won't put effort into it, and that should my life come to a point where it takes too much effort or causes too much grief, I would do myself in. I don't know why that is - maybe I feel like I've given enough in terms of effort? I'm only 20, that means I still have 40 years of work (harder work) before I can retire.


As it is, I've lived through about 1/4th of what my natural lifetime would be - I did like being a child, but that's not happening again; I don't really enjoy being an adult with responsabilities too much: I only enjoy about 5 hours of every day, which means that I only really enjoy 20% of my life. I'd rather quit while I'm ahead.


Now, I know some people have great memories, and actually do use those as a deterrent against suicide - "If you quit right now, think of all the great memories you'll miss out on!". That's an argument I've seen in some places, but I really don't know - I'm not much of a people person, and don't really have any great memories, as hard as I can try to think of some.


Now, I have no friends, but that really isn't an issue to me - I like the quiet, I like the solitude. But you can't get great memories sitting alone reading - which is fine by me, because doing otherwise requires effort and a certain personal investment. But amazing moments aren't something I'm going to experience.


I know there's the argument that things can get better if I don't, but there's also a likely possibility, given my apathy, that they would actually deteriorate.
I know that suicide is a permanent solution to temporary problems, but I really have no problems. I don't have any issues in my life, not any health issues (other than hypochondria, which has led me to believe I got STIs even though the risk is close to zero), no addictions, nothing. There is no adversity in my life - I just don't find it interesting or enjoyable enough.
I can't think of any other regular arguments.


tl;dr Life bores me - it's too tiring, too stressful, too boring, but I'm not really interested in making a change, out of laziness and generally no motivation to do so. I'd love to live a life without any worries or bothers, but by definition, that isn't what life is, therefore, if I can't have what I want handed to me on a silver platter, my best next option is suicide.


So far, I've put it off because of my father and grandparents who would be sorry to see me go, but I've been told multiple times that I "can't live my life trying to make my folks happy". Wouldn't that apply here? 

Besides, I'm going to die sometime - wouldn't it be better if it happened while I actually want it, rather than at a time where I don't? Tell me what you think.