Just another story

Hello, just another "my life" story. A real story, my story. 

I have had suicidal thoughts, thoughts of death since I can remember. Playing war as a child, always wanting to be the one to die. Wondering if people would miss me if I vanished. Ect. Ect.

My first actual attempt in which someone would consider a "legitimate attempt" was when my fiance at the time left me for another man while I was away, when I was enlisted in the Navy. I had taken the remaining painkillers, muscle relaxers, and Xanax. With a good side of a bottle of whisky. I wanted to die alone, in the dark by myself. I ended up passing out in the bath tub puking up my stomach contents because of the whisky. 

About 6 months after the past I attempt, I took 20 clonazapam (spell check me lol) I was hoping it would kill me. I knew it wouldn't, but I wanted it to all the same. The reason was a fight with my ex-fiance concerning the whereabouts of my family heirlooms that was at our house. Ends up she pawned them to pay for her new apartment with the new guy...

2 months after the previous lousy attempt, I crashed my car going 85 into a guard rail on a highway. Spun 720 degrees and landed in a ditch. Not even a scratch. Reason for the attempt? Couldn't care enough to search for a reason to keep driving to my home town (where my ex-fiance lived)

5 months after crashing my car, my closest brush with death. I slit my wrists, 1 long ways and 1 across. I also took 78 Xanax, polished with a few shots of liquor. The reason I tried? I couldn't sleep, knowing I would be late for duty the next day. I just didn't want to deal with my bosses looking down on me like i'm some sort of fucked-up failed government experiment. 

I had finally found a reason to try and save my self. During the last situation I just typed out. I ended up flipping a coin. Not literally, but metaphorically. I got in my car, half-conscious, bleeding profusely from my wrists. I drove myself to the hospital, figuring if I crash I will most likely die. If I make it to the hospital in time I live. 

Obviously I made it to the hospital in time if I am typing this all out in first-person. I casually walked into the ER smoking a cigarette figuring "what the fuck can they do to me that I haven't done to myself?"  I walked up to the clerk and said "I tried to kill myself, here's my I.D." then sat down and passed out.

I woke up 3 days later on a ventilator. The next day, I was rushed off to the psych ward for 3 weeks. I was confused. Confused why I was at the psych ward. I didn't feel suicidal anymore. I thought about it, but I didn't let me control me.

I looked my demon in the eyes and bet our lives on the flip of a coin. 

Just 2 weeks ago, I ran into my ex-fiance on the street while visiting home. I saw her, I looked straight into her eyes. Just looked and met my eyes. I felt like I stared right past her when our eyes met. I thought in my head "That is the reason I did all of those terrible things to myself, the thing that pushed me over the edge." Then I just let it go, all of that anger and pain, the horrible pain. It was like a gift from a old friend.

I owe a great deal to one person in my life for help me turn the corner for good. A woman I will never be with romantically, a woman I will never be able to hold and call my own. Her name is Katie and she is my best friend. I am not her best friend, but she is mine. I am okay with that. She talked to me before I saw my ex-fiance on the street. We didn't talk about anything about my decisions in life. We just talked.

We talked about each others current lives and how they were going. Asking advice for each other. I felt like a Junior in high school asking a Senior out to prom. With the answer being yes. Like all of my worries and self-doubt were pulled out of my stomach.

We ended our conversation listening to our favorite song 
"Pearl Jam - Just Breathe" just smiling at each other. Knowing what we had been through, not having to talk about it.

That was the feeling I felt when I saw my ex-fiance. I was thinking of life without my ex. How it was still enjoyable if I LET it. If I WANTED it to be a happy life.

This post isn't really about a message to anyone. It's just my story. If one person finds solace in reading it, then it was written for a good reason. The only thing I would tell anyone reading this are two things.

1) You are not alone. You will never be alone.
2) Never under estimate the power of talking to someone, even if it is unrelated to any of your issues.
