Depression I can handle. Guilt I cannot.

Hello, reddit. I'm losing it.

I'm a long-term sufferer of mental illness. Was diagnosed with dysthymia when I was 13 or so, and major depression after my first suicide attempt when I was 15. (Major depression on top of dysthymia is called "double depression," for those up on the lingo. It makes you really fun at parties.) Generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder reared their heads after years of alcohol abuse, which I've since successfully kicked.

Hashing through my head doctor resume is relevant to show that I'm not a stranger to dealing with this shit. I know how my depression works, I know how an anxiety spiral fuels it. I know what coping mechanisms I need to use and when, know when I need to be and therapy, and I have a trusted circle of people to lean on when things go south fast.

That's why I'm so afraid right now. The things I've used to survive for years aren't working. I'm thinking about killing myself more seriously than any other time in the last decade.

Guilt is killing me. I've known anxious guilt and depressive guilt before, but this time I feel like I'm gonna lose it. I did some things over the past few months that I can't handle, or wrap my brain around, or understand, or--something, I guess. My thoughts get disorganized and red-hot and rapid when I think about it. 

 My emotions are so strong and knee-jerk that I can't get a sense of whether or not my sins were so bad that I believe I deserve to die outright, or if the moral contours of my minor indiscretions elude me because I can't think rationally enough to grasp them. Every time I consider the possibility that I don't deserve to die, I panic, and convince myself I deserve punishment rather than happiness. I don't know what narrative in my head I can trust, and I absolutely cannot stop thinking about it.

Obviously the object of my guilt is gonna be kinda important to this conversation, but I'm not ready to be that frank at this exact moment.

I'm in a rough spot logistically and financially and psychotherapy is not a simple option. (Blathering anonymously to reddit is apparently my first choice, which I guess speaks to my stellar crisis management skills.)

I don't know what my next step is. Death hasn't been my solution for a long time, and I'm scared.