I'm a creep and I deserve to die

i'm a gay man. about 6 years ago, when I was very depressed and closeted, my straight male friend and I both got really drunk together and he passed out fully clothed on his back on his bed

I don't know what I was thinking but I kinda placed my hand over his crotch but didn't feel/touch/grope his genitals. I don't remember much, but I think the entire ordeal lasted for 10 seconds or 30 seconds at the most. I didn't get any sexual gratification out of it and I've regretted it ever since. i've only told my therapist and she said what I did was only "borderline illegal" and that I shouldn't feel too bad about it

but this happened in Nevada so if he got arrested there (hypothetically speaking) I would've been charged with a misdemeanor: open and gross lewdness (any intentional sexual act that is done either in public or in a private place in an open way where others could see it; OR any sexual encounter that is nonconsensual but falls short of actual rape)...

AND my friend and I both live in washington DC and I'm wondering if this incident would meet the definition of "sexual contact" and "4th degree sexual abuse", which is a felony. the definition for "sexual contact" in DC is: the "touching with any clothed or unclothed body part or any object, either directly or indirectly or through the clothing, of the genitalia, anus, groin, breast, inner thigh, or buttocks of any person with an intent to abuse, humiliate, harass, degrade, or arouse or gratify the sexual desire of another person (D.C. Criminal Code 22-3001.). do you think what I did amounts to "sexual contact" since I did not actually touch his genitalia?

if so, then would I would be guilty of 4th degree sexual abuse?? "A person shall be imprisoned for not more than 5 years and, in addition, may be fined in an amount not to exceed $50,000, if that person engages in or causes sexual contact with or by another person in the following manner: (1) By threatening or placing that other person in reasonable fear (other than by threatening or placing that other person in reasonable fear that any person will be subjected to death, bodily injury, or kidnapping); or (2) Where the person knows or has reason to know that the other person is: (A) Incapable of appraising the nature of the conduct; (B) Incapable of declining participation in that sexual contact; or (C) Incapable of communicating unwillingness to engage in that sexual contact"

If i'm guilty of that, I don't think I can go on living with myself. I don't want to live as a sex offender/assaulter/abuser. it doesn't matter that I was never arrested or anything. the fact that I did this, however slight the act, makes me want to die

I want to think I'm a good person but i don't know if I can. part of me thinks that I just need to relieve myself of this shame and guilt and rid society of a horrible shit stain of a person