Thanks for everyone who tried to help me. I'm going to end it now though. What's the point anyway? God left me and took all of my friends with Him. No one will care that I'm gone. Goodbye reddit.

EDIT: This is only here, because people asked over PM.
 Idk if this matters, but I'm a black female. I'm suffering from chronic loneliness and severe depression, but I have no support system. I used to really focus on my personal life and making sure my friends were okay, but they don't care about me anymore. I can't deal with this pain. I spend every day just doing school and research. Sexually assaulted by a PhD student here and my school did nothing. They let him graduate. My friends abandoned me and my pastor doesn't give two shits. I should just end it if I can't cope. No depression treatment works and now I have nobody. I was aspiring biomedical researcher. Pre-PhD double major doing infectious disease research in a biomedical engineering department. My ultimate professional goal was to work for a national lab doing similar research. No point though. Even people here want me to die. No one really cares so I don't either.

2nd EDIT: I wish there was a way for me to thank everyone here individually for all of your kind words. I wish the people in my life were as kind as you. I feel like all of you are going to go on and live wonderful lives. Lovely things happen to those with pure hearts. 
There were comments that I saw that encouraged me to go ahead and end it. These sentiments more closely match what the people in my life think when I reach out for help when the darkness comes back to suffocate me. A life of not being good enough for anyone besides the man who concomitantly stole my innocence and respect for humankind has worn on me. If I could live amongst people like you, I would. But I'm stuck in a place where I'm unloved and abused. It's been hell these past 23 years.

UPDATE: I've decided to use this alone time to focus on me. I'm going to try a different approach to overcoming the sexual abuse and loneliness. Lab work is going great. I had to push myself (I really didn't want to be in there yesterday), but I finished programming some biomodels and actually got to work with the tuberculosis bacteria for the first time. I worked out today and I felt great. All of you were right-- screw the bad friends. I'm not much of a redditor, but I've met some pretty awesome people on here :) Thanks for looking out during my time of need! The sheer number of replies and PMs was touching. Though I did not respond individually to all of you, know that I read through the thread countless times-- especially last night when I was really low. I'm gonna read through it anytime I feel low. You guys are awesome. I love you! -doa_23