Just waiting to die is gettin kinda tedious :(

This got really long and I'm not expecting anybody to be able to read enough of it to reply so please don't feel bad. Sometimes just the possibility that somebody may be hearing me is enough.

Things are pretty miserable right now. I'm fighting off urges to hurt and kill myself multiple times daily, which is an unpleasant way to live for any extended amount of time. I'm losing energy very rapidly and now I'm waking up every day disappointed and with this terrible lump in my stomach because I have to spend another few hours conscious and aware.

I've been "officially" depressed (as in diagnosed by a professional) for nine years or so, since I was 11, but even before that I was often profoundly sad, just nobody noticed. I never got far with therapy/medication and my mother allowed/encouraged me to stop going and stop taking my meds because she thought they were a waste of time and I was lying about being depressed for attention. I was just a kid and the "you are worthless and somebody needs those appointment slots a lot more than you do" thoughts made me especially eager to stop too. Other diagnoses I've had piled on me include generalized anxiety with agoraphobia, PTSD, OCD, BDD, and an exciting variety of eating disorders. I've been hospitalized twice for planning to kill myself but those were both 3-4 years ago. Right now, I don't have the insurance or money required for professional help and I also have no friends or family to talk to about this. I don't work or go to school either. I've been waiting weeks hoping for this to pass. It hasn't passed yet.

My mother is a menace. When I was 16, I spent a few months planning how to kill myself. My school eventually caught on that something was wrong because my grades and attendance were suffering more than usual. I was honest with them so they called my mother and told her that she needed to get me immediate help. At the hospital, they asked me if I'd ever been sexually abused, which I have, and I just really *really* wanted to get help and stop hurting so much so I told them about how my older brother spent months raping me just about every day when I was around 7 or so. Because I was a minor at that time and my brother still lived in the same house, they needed to send Child Protective Services. This made my mother livid. Once again, she thought I was lying and spent the entire intake process talking about how she had plans she was looking forward to and how I ruined her night and was just desperate for attention and needed to grow up and stop being a baby. Months later, she regaled me with the tale of how my brother started crying when the CPS people were talking to him as if that was going to make me suddenly pity him and feel bad for being honest with doctors and trying to get help for something that I'd spent a decade sweeping under the rug and pretending didn't happen. He finally has to take some form of responsibility for placing his adolescent sex drive over the right of his little sister to not be physically violated and I'm supposed to feel bad for him because he cried? I told my mother that I spent a lot of time crying over it too. Her response was "you cry all the time; it doesn't mean anything. Get over it." I never got an apology for this.

My father was an abusive drug addict and my mother has had alcohol problems in the past so I tried to be understanding and sympathetic with her when she said stuff like this to me but I'm just too angry and bitter to possibly excuse it all. I gained ~30 pounds a few years ago and she addressed it by looking me in the eyes while I was eating dinner and saying "You're getting huge." When I told her I had relapsed into bulimia, she said "Stop doing that. It's gross." When I tried explaining to her that it's difficult to live without the emotional support of a parent or any adult figure, she lamented that she had lost both of her parents and it wasn't easy for her either. She's a full-grown woman. I was a teenager. Somehow I imagine that the difficulties of living without parental support as an adult are a bit less tumultuous then being 17-years-old and not having a single adult you can trust. I moved out a little over a year ago so at least I'm away from her and my brother but it breaks my heart how she says stuff like "if you ever need to move back in, you're more than welcome here" when I just can't trust her and know that's not an option because within a few months of coming back, she'd lose her patience and return to her old ways upon discovering that nearly a decade later, I'm still depressed and I still hate myself and it wasn't "just a phase" and she was wrong the entire time. I don't ever want to go back to that terrible place. She has no clue just how much her actions have damaged me and nothing, including trying to end my own life, was enough to make her feel a shred of remorse or responsibility large enough to apologize.

I grew complacent with existing a while ago and for years have been perpetually suicidal in a very passive and low-impact way. I was never planning anything or really thinking about it in too much depth, but if someone asked me at any given time if I wanted to die, I would usually say yes. It was just life. "I'm here unwillingly and I really hope I die soon but I'm not going to kill myself because that's pretty antisocial and a lot of work." Even though I don't talk to my family or have any friends I trust nearly enough to bother them with my personal problems, I know that they'd be pretty devastated if I ended my life. This really pisses me off. I have to stay alive indefinitely in a constant cloud of malaise and lethargy to prevent these people from experiencing pain and if I asked them for help, they wouldn't even know what to do. I've tried opening up to my friends on multiple occasions but every single time, they just seemed really uncomfortable. And I get that mental illness and abuse are inherently unsettling topics so I don't blame them for not wanting to talk about it but I mean-- It's tough to not have anybody. A few months ago, I put together one of those safety plans they tell you to make if you think you may hurt yourself. And they ask you to list people/resources you think you could talk to if you felt you were in danger. For me, it consists entirely of crisis hotlines, support forums, and websites. No actual people I personally know. Seeing that made me feel incredibly lonely. If you have a support system that consists of even one person who's in your life, please don't take it for granted.

I live with my boyfriend of a little under three years. I can't talk to him about this because whenever I do, there's a decent chance he's just going to get mad for any number of reasons. We've had "hey, I feel like hurting/killing myself." "WHAT THE FUCK I JUST WANTED TO HAVE A RELAXING DAY WHY CANT YOU BE NORMAL? WHY IS THERE SO MUCH DRAMA IN MY LIFE?" conversations enough times for me to not be able to trust him with this sort of stuff. He says that hurting myself is "against the rules" and that it disturbs him to see the scars and I don't want to give him more reasons to be angry with me so I stopped hurting myself. The funny part is that because I'm scared to tell him, he has no idea how hard I have to try just to make his life less unpleasant. Multiple times every day I sit in bed shaking and crying and feeling like I'm about to vibrate out of my skin and waiting hours for the urges to pass and the one person I'm doing it for doesn't even notice. I really want to hurt myself. Were it not for him, I'd have no moral qualms about it. I'd be bleeding a bit more but at least I wouldn't be spending hours trying to hold off the urge until I feel numb and detached from everything around me. I don't care about leaving scars or the minuscule chance that I'll seriously hurt myself and need medical attention. I just want to do something else with my days except cry and wait. It can take 6+ hours for the desire to pass. I draw and write and do a lot of jigsaw puzzles and stuff to pass the time and occupy myself when I want to hurt myself. It goes by very slowly and none of these things actually make me feel better or make the urges fade away any quicker, they're just things to do until being awake stops hurting or I'm able to go back to sleep. A lot of days I just don't have the physical energy to get out of bed at all and it's not like there's anything compelling enough to get up for. I haven't left the house in three weeks and before that, was only getting out once every 10 days or so.

I have no thirst for life. I have no desire to get better or work towards anything. No aspirations or hopes or emotional investment in my own existence. It literally feels like I've been reading a book for 20 years and just cannot convince myself to get into it enough to care about the characters but I keep going anyway because everyone tells me over and over "No! Hang in there! It gets really good during the next part! I promise!" and then it never actually does. People seem especially eager to say "hang in there!" as if that isn't the hardest and most painful thing in the world for some people to do. I was able to use my hobbies to justify staying alive for a very long time but it's just gotten too intense to be able to say "remain in this horrible spiral of self-hatred and regret and loneliness and fear and boredom because of video games." I'm so disappointed in myself. It's hard to remember but I definitely once had things I wanted to do with my life. I have no clue what my goals and dreams as a child were and by the time I hit middle school, I was already so disillusioned with life that I had none. It breaks my heart when I think of how much my child-self would be disappointed if she knew what I was doing with the life she was so excited to live. If I had something I really wanted to work towards, maybe staying alive through the tough times wouldn't be so difficult, but that's not the case.

My self-esteem is (unsurprisingly) completely shot and has been for most of my life. I'm convinced that I'm totally incapable of making anything of myself and that if I tried, all I'd do is embarrass/tire/disappoint myself. I don't belong around people and it's my fault that nobody cares about me, if I want to be less alone, maybe I should try being less fat/ugly/worthless, I have nothing to offer anybody, I'm taking up space, other people deserve what I have a lot more than I do, something weird happened and I was actually meant to be a tree or a rooster or a jellyfish or whatever but somehow I ended up as a human, I'm doing the world a favor by closing myself off from it, there's no way anybody could really know me and still want to be my friend, I should get used to being treated like a subhuman, I'm too ugly and mannish to "count" as a girl, nobody could ever genuinely desire me romantically or sexually, I'm not good enough for anyone, being alive is punishment for sucking so hard, I'd just be making myself vulnerable to people like my mother and brother if I put myself out there, I haven't done anything to deserve a good support system and that's why I don't have one, I'm invisible to the world around me because no one cares, et cetera, et cetera. Every day. You don't get days off from hating yourself. Logically, I have a vague feeling somewhere in the back of my head that these thoughts aren't completely accurate but without anything to back that up, it just seems hollow. I feel like it's the final dying gasps of something in me being stomped into oblivion. I'm not sure what it is but I feel like it needs to die. I'm always worried about valuing myself too much and when I occasionally find myself sliding into "Maybe I'm not really *that* terrible" territory, I get so nervous that I'm severely overselling myself and am going to become an unrepentant jackass if I take that line of thinking any further. Neutral/positive thoughts about myself sort of feel like a thick sludge sticking to the inside of my body, if that makes sense. It's uncomfortable and I know something feels "wrong" but I can't actually see what it is or do anything about it and all I have is this strange and inexplicable heaviness in my body that won't go away until I give myself a "reality check" and remind myself of all the reasons I'm so terrible.

With no money or resources or support system, the odds of this getting even a little bit better any time soon seem pretty bleak. I've held out for a long time and spent years telling myself "just hang on for one more day." "One more day" has turned into "an indefinite amount of years" and I'm not so able to buy into it anymore. I'm running on fumes at this point. I don't know how much more of this I can possibly handle and the longer my patience and effort bear no visible results except to keep me suspended in a state of "begrudgingly existing but not really alive," the more I start thinking that maybe it's time to give up for real. I'm only still here because other people would be sad if I killed myself and even if they do really care, they obviously don't care enough to ask how I'm doing or learn something about mental illness so they'd better know how to help or spend time with me or let me vent when I'm feeling bad without yelling at me or expressing visible discomfort or put any effort at all into trying to get me to leave the house or do anything except vaguely send the "please don't kill yourself because then I would be sad :(" message. Well, I'm awfully sad too, you know. Existing is a thankless chore for me and I'd like to be done with it very soon. It was enough for a while just to think "who knows, there's always a chance you'll die in your sleep tomorrow" and leave it up to fate but that's getting harder and harder every day.