At the end of my rope.

First off, let me say that I had a failed attempt at hanging myself at the age of 11. That was 21 years ago.






So here is what's happened. Every person I've ever dated has cheated on me and left me for another person, including my ex wife who left me after 8 months. My family has all but disowned me because I have been trying to transition from male to female. I have no friends who aren't friends with my most recent ex (I'll get to her soon). I have no drive to write the books that I wanted to publish so badly. I've lost the motivation to go on.






In April, my now ex girlfriend and roommate invited me to move in with her so I would have a safe place to transition. My parents, who I lived with at the time, did not support it and wanted me to give it up. I've also endured years of emotional abuse from both family and non family growing up. So when my ex, who I'll call Renee, invited me to move in I jumped on it like a kid on a brand new bicycle.






Renee told me up front that she is polyamorous, and I agreed to try it out. I thought it was something I could do. About a month after I moved out here, she started to pull away and gave me bullshit reasons as to why. We wouldn't sit on the couch together because 'touching you causes me physical pain'. She wouldn't sleep in the same bed as me because "I can't stand how you like to cuddle me, I don't want that."






Well, she ruined my birthday with her now boyfriend and Master, who I will call Rory. She told me she met someone that she wanted to pursue something with and asked me if I knew them. I said no. Well, Rory showed up to my birthday, and I told Renee that I didn't know him and had never met him. She ignored me and told me later that she got his number at the party (a fact that she is now denying, saying she had his number earlier on). 






This turned the entire month of August into one big fight. I lost my trust in her and had no reason to trust him. They both continue to show me no respect about simple things like discussing their sex life in front of me. 






Between the breakup, being financially unable to afford the transition I so desperately want and need, and working as a temp at a factory that is cutting my hours to where I can barely pay my bills, I'm at my wits end. For the second time in a month, I have found myself researching ways to die. From bridges to jump off of to how long it would take to die from car exhaust. It also doesn't help that Renee says she doesn't care what I do anymore because I got mad at her and her boyfriend for the lack of simple respect that came from discussing their sex life in front of me.






I find it unlikely that anyone will take this seriously. I'm at the point where suicide isn't a punishment, but a mercy. I just feel there's nothing left for me on this planet anymore. Nobody wants me, nothing will ever come of my transition at the rate my life is going. And Renee is probably wanting to kick me out because I am, as she puts it, "unsupportive and a psycho bitch". 






It's too late for me now, but I would like to die at sunrise. Which has happened already. I'd like to see the sun rise on my last day on this horrible planet.