I need help...

I've had depression for years, it always gets worse in the winter, and every year I survive it, but every year it's worse...I spent the last two winters in what was almost a comatose state...like I wasn't even trying to keep my head above the water anymore...

I can feel that I'm getting worse now, and I don't know what to do. I know  I need help but I don't know how to get it. I hate talking to other people. I can barely drag myself out of bed for my miserable job, I don't know how I could convince myself to go talk to a stranger about how pathetic I am. I've been doubling up on my 20mg antidepressants and I'm not feeling any better, I'm just running out of pills faster. I exercise multiple times a day between biking to work and walking my dog. I just keep getting worse as the days get shorter...I'm starting to give up hope..

My only real friend is my mom, and I can't tell her how bad things have gotten, I don't want her to worry...and my dog is the only reason I force myself to get up in the morning and go to work, so I can take care of him...he deserves the best, it's not his fault he's stuck with me..

I'm out of food but buying more seems like too big of a task, plus money is so tight I feel guilty buying anything for myself...in a spontaneous manic moment of confidence I bought a car last month so I could go visit my mom on weekends, thinking it would make me happier knowing I could go anywhere, but now I feel more trapped than ever...I can go anywhere but all I want is to be nothing and nowhere at all...now I have a car and insurance to pay for in addition to my student loans and rent...my parents are going to have to help me and I hate myself for it, I'm so pathetic I can't pay my own loans...

What do I do? I don't know how to go about getting a therapist. All I want is someone who can get me more, stronger pills to make me feel better. I don't want to feel like this, but I don't know how to dig myself out of it...how am I supposed to get help when going to the doctor and asking for it seems absolutely impossible...