No one to talk to

I've always held suicide close as a sort of eject button. It was easy to put it aside when I was 18-23 because I was still in school and had hopes for the future. But over the past two years things just keep slipping downwards. Every job I held fell apart within a month of me getting it, sometimes my own doing sometimes not. I've had less than $100 at a given time for a year and a half. I've recently moved back into my moms house, and my longtime car finally broke down so now I'm stuck. I applied to an internship with my dream company, Fantasy Flight Games, which would require a move to Minnesota. I busted my ass trying to make money for the move, and I knew it was going to be close. Due to a technical issue from elance (my only inflow of money) I lost over a weeks worth of work which put me too far behind to afford the move, so even if I do get the internship (which I think I have a good chance of getting) I wont be able to take it. I'll be stuck at home for who knows how long waiting for the next opportunity.

I'm diagnosed bi-polar with a tendency to cut myself. Cutting myself is weird. I can't explain why it helps. It's like a control thing. Like even if my life is in shambles and I don't have the control to fix it I can at least control this one small part of myself. My physical body. I'm fully medicated which doesn't prevent suicidal tendencies, it just prevents the emotions that lead to suicidal tendencies. I'd love to feel happy or sad, or anything, but I'm left with this numb sterile emotion. I'd give anything to break down and cry. Just to weep openly and uncontrollably would be nice. I've been listening to the Barenaked Ladies 'War on Drugs' on repeat because it gets me the closest to feeling anything. I wanted to share that song on facebook, as kind of a half-way pathetic way of reaching out, but it'd go mostly ignored and anyone that does puzzle out the meaning would just worry.

I want to tell someone in my life but it'd just worry them. They'd demand I'd go to a hospital to get treatment. I've been admitted to a hospital twice, once my own doing once a shitty doctor's doing. There's no help to be found there. At best you get a medicated vacation from work, at worst you get locked up in a prison like atmosphere where the staff couldn't give a shit about you so long as you don't die. I told myself I'd kill myself before I go to a hospital again. So I can't talk about my feelings with my parents cause they'd tell me to go to a hospital. I certainly can't ever trust a doctor again. I've called the suicide hotline and all they did was try to get me in therapy, which eventually just loops back to hospitals.

The shittiest part of it all is I don't think I have the guts to kill myself. I know I can take the pain. The cutting has prepared me for at least that. Its just the permanence Im afraid of. I'd like to imagine that good times are right around the corner, but every small sign of good news is quickly squelched by the brunt reality of losing whatever small thing I might have been able to hold onto.

I just don't know what else to do. I wish I had the courage to die. But I'm weak. I feel like a poorly designed person. Unable to cope with the responsibilities of living, unable to cope with the permanence of dying. So I'm left in this limbo of self-hatred. Saying this outloud helps a little.

I use to smoke weed to cope which absolutely 100% helps me feel better when I'm having particularly dark thoughts. But I can't afford it so I'm taking 3-4 sleeping pills at a time and smoking cigarettes to try and get the distance from my thought cycle that weed provided. I can't go 5 hours without drinking, smoking, taking pills. Sobriety just leaves me with my thoughts which when alone (like I am 14 hours a day) cycle downwards until Im just laying down staring at the ceiling waiting for the day to pass.

Anyways, thanks anonymous ears. Hopefully this will be my last post here. Hopefully something will happen. I'm trying hard enough, but as it turns out life doesn't care how hard you try or want something. It's kind of an asshole like that.

P.S. I almost cried writing this and for that I am thankful.
