Thoughts of suicide have been nearly constant for two weeks now. I have a therapist's appt. at 11am today - it's 5:25am and I haven't slept yet. I just keep thinking about the future and I don't see anything to look forward to.

Throwaway obviously. 

Obviously this is not the process of a rational mind.  That's why I'm going to therapy - this'll be my third meeting.  I'm already on medication. 

I'm going to be honest, though, I've been depressed all my life and it has never been this bad before.  I think about suicide constantly and how *easy* it would be compared to all the trouble on the horizon. I honestly don't think things will ever get any better either personally or for the world as a whole, at least not within my (expected) lifetime. I feel like it's just not a good bet to bet that things will get better, and that I should end the suffering now.  

I even have a plan. An elaborate one, with plenty of "back-out" time, but it's a plan. A plan that I've been thinking about more and more.

I started my own business, but my 6 month cushion became a 2 month cushion and now a 1 month cushion and now I think it's time to start looking for full-time employment.  And I'm terrified of the rejection, I'm not even sure where or how to start looking, and I'm just tired of being tired. 

I've tried volunteering and that just made me more burnt out.  In short, when I list the pros and cons of why I should/shouldn't kill myself, the cons grow shorter and the pros grow longer.  

I don't think I'm going to make it.  The only things keeping me from it at this point is that a friend of mine lost a close friend of his (who I didn't know) to suicide, and it nearly wrecked him.  As much as I don't want to live, I can't justify putting him - and the other people around me - through that pain again.  They've got normal, functioning brains. Why should I mess them up just because my brain wants to kill me? 

It's just morally unjustifiable from a utilitarian point of view. 

Still, I find myself wishing I can turn my brain completely off; it's just... it hurts so much and I don't know how much more of this I can take. 