Deployment

Hi, I'm back from a previous post, at my wit's end again.

Last time I posted here I was back in the states working hard to keep moving. I've managed by but slowly things began to degrade again.

I developed some pretty heavy alcoholism which is what eventually led to the end of a two-year relationship with my now ex-partner. Before I deployed I attended a convention to see friends again for the last time, he was there though, we'll call him Michael. 

It was a last minute opportunity, but I decided to take it so I could enjoy myself. I told Michael and he simply told me "If I see you drinking here, I'm going to report you to hotel security" (Yes, I'm underage)

"But that's just because you care, right?"

"Something like that." He said.

Tough love I guess. It came off as very hostile and unwelcoming, it didn't feel good at the time. 

Of course I did anyway, I'm going away for a long time, shouldn't I enjoy myself? That was alcoholism talking I guess, because things did go wrong as they would. Long story short the first night Michael confronted me and we cut off contact from them. He went on to publically post on social media asking everyone to look out for me and report me if they saw me. That caught up to me on the final night of this convention and I ended up going overboard as I usually did, got kicked out of the hotel, reported to police, but then went straight to the hospital instead because apparently during my last black-out I was going on and on about wanting to blow my brains out to spite Michael.

I meant it, still do, but no one listens anymore. "There goes Mil again ranting about depression and suicide, old news, he won't do it." And they're right, I can't. I hate the situation I'm in. 

I want to go so badly, but I can't because I couldn't do that to my family. They're so proud of me and what I do, I can't take that away from them. Everytime I just imagine my mother weeping so horribly if they found out if something happened. It breaks my heart, I can't do that to them. I guess expressing that to everyone just makes them assume I'm okay to leave alone. "He won't actually do it." That doesn't stop the internal struggle I feel everyday though, I feel stuck, trapped. 

So deployment. My unit deployed to the Middle East last month. I've always wanted to go, so I was happy to leave everything behind to focus on myself. It hasn't worked so far though. Michael's seeing someone else already, we'll call him Travis. Travis is a great guy, I can see what they see in each other. It killed me everyday to hear about them though. See, at first I thought Travis was just visiting, a week or two tops. But as the days went on it became apparent that Travis is taking a long vacation from where he's from, staying with Michael this entire time. I used to still keep track of Travis on social media, a bit obsessive I guess. I recently stopped because it hurt to much to hear about how much him and Michael love each other and all the fun a social things they're doing with a community of people I used to call friends. I forgot mentioning that at that night of the convention I not only lost Michael, but two other of my very close friends. They chose to side with Michael, for good reason. Because Mil decided to choose alcohol over all of them.

I caved last night though, I decided to check Travis' social media one more time. I saw this. 

"waking up next to someone I love every morning for the last month has completely erased my depression. I will never take that for granted"

I lost it, I'm stuck here in a foreign country, almost everyone I held close from before don't want anything to do with me because of my stupid fucking alcoholism, and Michael's clearly moved on without what seems to be a second thought of me. Why should he? All I was to him for the past few months was a depressed, suicidal, alcoholic fuck that constantly prodded for attention while simultaneously pushing him away and treating him poorly. I don't know why I did that, I guess because I was hoping that pushing him away would make him want to try and reach out to me more. Playing games, it was stupid, I know. Michael isn't one to take bullshit though, he's older than I am and doesn't have time to bother for that. I feel replaced, but the worst part is that it was all for good reason. Why stay with an immature, alcoholic, clingy child when you could be with a mature, handsome, sexually satisfying man that won't lose his mind in a drunken haze and vomit in your bed after drinking alcohol you told him not to drink.  

Everynight I go to sleep with nothing but Michael and Travis on my mind and all I can think is they've most likely havent even bothered to have a single thought about the alcoholic child that's done them all a favor by leaving the states and shutting up.

I don't know why I'm posting this, I secretly wish Michael would read it and reach out. I miss him so much, I miss everything I used to share with him. But now he has another, better person to be with. I have no place in that community.

He won't, he doesnt have the time or energy to deal with this bullshit, this mess. 

I wish I could end it, I wish I had the courage to be so selfish, but I can't. I'm stuck for almost the next year to do nothing but work, force a smile, and go to bed everynight thinking about what I've done wrong. I wish I had the courage to end it. I feel pathetic. 

I don't know what else to say, I wish Michael still cared.