I hate myself.

I'm sorry, this is a really long and pointless rant, but I really need to get this out of my system.

I feel bad about making this post. Unlike many of you, I'm sure that I don't have depression. My life and childhood were pretty good. Hell, I was even spoiled to an extent. I should be happy, but I'm not, and I don't know why.

I'm really stupid. I have to work twice as hard as all of my classmates just to keep up with the class. I even have a tutor, but still struggle to maintain my grades. I'm also unattractive--no, I'm downright ugly. Big fat nose, tiny eyes, and wide jaw even though I'm 5'2 and 105 lbs. I literally have no talents. I tried writing, but after losing literally every creative writing competition I've entered since elementary, I can tell that it's not the thing for me even if I enjoy it. I can draw better than the average person, but that means nothing compared to others. It's funny, when I was in middle school, I thought that I was really good at drawing. But after being in high school for four years, I am probably the least talented person in the entire school. I also suck at sports. Basically, I have no redeeming qualities.

My fucking cousins. God knows how much I love them yet absolutely despise them. I love them because they're blood related and I grew up with them. One of them is 6 months older than me and the other is 2 years younger. They excel at everything. They're prettier, have better grades, participate in sports and all that shit. The older one even goes out on dates, whereas guys generally avoid me because I'm unattractive. A part of me wants to be happy for them, but another part of me just hates them. Then I think again. I hate my COUSINS. I'm not supposed to hate them, but I hate them anyways. I hate myself for hating them so much. 

And even though I'm mentally sound, healthy, and was raised just fine, I'm always complaining. I have no right to feel bad or complain. So many people have it worse than me, but I can't stop whining like a spoiled shit. I have NO right to feel bad, but I feel bad anyways because I am lower than trash and never deserved any of the good things that happened to me.  

I picked up self-mutilation 2 months ago, but I have pretty good control over it as a form of stress relief. My tutor found out about it a month ago, but promised that he wouldn't tell anyone if I stopped. I stopped, but I'm genuinely pissed off. I've been pissed off for the entire month.

Anyways, dumb rant, I know. I don't think I'll be offing myself since I don't really have the guts, so I'll just be wallowing in shit instead.
