I think it helps if I at least pretend someone cares.

In case anyone is reading this; I am a female and I've just turned 22. I have been battling depression for about as long as I can remember, but was officially diagnosed, and medicated, two years ago. After countless sleepless nights, panic attacks, anxiety and pure self loathing, I went against all my instincts and sought help. I was sent to CBT, counselling, and even some questionable assessments at psychiatric institutions, and no one has ever helped me. 

You see my problem, is that no one has ever seen me as a girl. As a child, I had many girl friends, and that was fine, but as we grew people started calling me gay and questioning everything that i did. In my head I was just me, but to everyone else I was a boy. This resulted in me spending my teenage years, going to school, returning home and watching tv. This was a great escape from me but when that ended and I was sent out into the real world. that was no longer an option. My life feels like a bad movie, like Freaky Friday, where you look in the mirror and feel like a stranger. People expect things of you as you are a 'male'. The way i think, speak, act, dress people all insult me for and keep calling me gay. In my head I am a heterosexual woman. But to the world I am not. I am 'transgender'

No one has ever helped me with this, and it's been killing me for years. I will never have a 'normal' life. A normal relationship. How can I? This is an overwhelming problem with which I have had to deal all by myself and its impossible. I go to work, and am so self aware, that everyone sees me as a male, even though I do not feel that way and it's the most emotionally and mentally disturbing feeling. I have thought about killing myself countless times. It crosses my mind everyday. How I would do it. Where. 

I have to work, and when I do it barely covers my rent and food. I have no extra money to even begin to pay for whatever changes I can even dream of having done to myself. I worry that one day I will just snap. but i want to live. I want to help other people, and I don't want to die. I want to experience the world and its beauty. But no one understands me and how could they?

 I have no future ahead of me, except for growing into a miserable freak :( I'm sorry for the rant, but It's 1 am, i can't sleep and I don't know if i can do this for much longer. I don't know if this is the right place for this post but I made my account just for this. To vent. 