I hate my generation

I hate my generation.

I do not understand.  I need to kill myself, there is nothing left to do. I have tried meditation, daily exercise/weight training, volunteering, group meetups, therapy, traveling, reading, creative pursuits, nothing has worked.

To put this in perspective, the women in those groups would rather have sex with random strangers they just met at the bar/catcalled them from the street (no joke, my neighbors are a testament to this), than from me. I get it, I do not deserve anything. But, if the women in my generation have decided I am not worthy, all I can do is kill myself. I think they are selfish pigs, unable to admit that they are such; just animals in skirts, getting fucked, pretending they have brains, that they use them, that they’re smart.  I guess they are, if they get to have sex. Were born the right gender, the one that gets appreciated for being born.

To be honest, I now understand why people shoot others. I will never do that, I am a pacifist to my core, but I understand them, and I no longer blame them. What I mean is, those “monsters” are no different than the monsters masquerading as people, their form of violence is just more overt. That does not mean for a second that others are not violent, they just use sexual manipulation, lying, omission, Machiavellianism, selfishness, greed, gluttony, and all the other shit aspects of humanity that don’t involve violence. 

They go have sex with random strangers at a bar, not the guys who they know and who support them, then they complain about "sexual assault" from the guy they had sex with, that they now regret having sex with. Meanwhile, the guys in their life who actually community build, are shit out of luck. That's not "hawt."  See, if you're not 6 foot with abs, you might as well not exist. They'll tell you to exercise, then laugh when you do. See, you're not tall, therefor your existence is meaningless.  Go build something and see if you can't get a woman to leech off your success, because she sure as shit isn't going to be attracted to you. Meanwhile, she'll pretend she is attracted to a literal checklist of your life, stringing you along nebulously, while fucking some random dude who she saw at a construction site while walking to the store (true story).  Sure, you get the occasional online comment of "that doesn't matter," but meanwhile, out there, it does.  They use everything allowed to make the world worse, than yell at you for not supporting women enough.  It’s a joke.  I hate this generation; I hope we get blown up by nuclear weapons.  That would be beautiful, we deserve it. I don’t blame the people in ISIS.  It’s not like this is a real civilization.  Just because people aren’t overtly stabbing each other doesn’t mean they don’t actively work to fuck each over all the time; just because they pretend to be nice, doesn’t mean they aren’t stabbing you in the back.

If I don’t get to be a part of humanity, I do not understand.  Sometimes, I feel like the people around me are taunting me…like, see how hard we can push this dude, just how overtly can we omit him before he snaps.  I hate people, they are monsters. Men are monsters.  Women are monsters. All lie. That’s all they do, backstab and lie. That’s it.  That is IT.