Running out of fuel

I'm losing the energy to go on. Everything just seems to sap my resolve and strength. Waking up, taking a shower, cleaning the apartment, going to class, socializing with people. And on the rare occasion I try to do something to make me feel better or whatever, I end up even more depleted and feeling more worthless. I might try something and only see how bad my attempt was. I can't even go to a friend's recital without feeling almost overwhelming anxiety. 

I have few friends at school, and I know they don't want to hear about my problems because it's just me whining about insignificant things. I get so desperate for help that I end up relying on someone too much and they just leave, not that I blame them. I wouldn't want me as a friend either. I'm petty, cruel, jealous, vindictive, ugly, spiteful, and fucking depressing. 

I've been to therapists before but it's actually really hard finding a therapist in the first place, then finding one I can click with. I'm not going to waste a months worth of appointments on someone I don't feel comfortable with. I've been very suicidal lately, thinking about shooting myself, getting into a car accident, mixing alcohol and meds, or mixing household chemicals. I want to get help but I do NOT want to be hospitalized. I've done that before and I won't throw away this semester's work for one and two I don't want my family to find out and three they treat you like shit. You're less than a child to them. For people who work in a human relations profession those nurses and doctors are entirely heartless. 

It would be so easy to just die. I'm in constant pain from an old injury that will never get better. The most my life could be is tolerable. I've been depressed with God knows how many years with no sign of relenting. Nothing has meaning or joy to me so why shouldn't I die? I'm so tired of dealing with all these issues. People let you down and counselors just do a job, there isn't any hope to be found. 

I crave intimacy but I won't be able to find it. I don't know how to put myself out there to meet people. It's all random chance that you meet anyone at all. I could only increase my chances at finding someone but that's no guarantee. I have had it. 

In a class my teacher asked if he had a little machine that you could use that would make you happy indefinitely, would you use it? Abso-fucking-lutely. He argues happiness is meaningless unless you earn it but meaning is pointless if you will have a feeling of joy and contentment no matter what. I have no motivation to set goals and accomplish them so I'm stuck feeling miserable. And competitively my problems are small, and even they are too much for me, I'm that weak. 

I can't continue to live like this. 