Greetings

I really wanted to tell my story just to get it off my chest without giving too much away about myself as I prefer to keep anonymous. I am 15 years old and I have been suffering from depression and suicidal thoughts since I was 10 and I have just recently begun to open up about it.

I guess I'll start where it all began. Back in primary school even as soon as I got into prep, BOOM I got bullied by five or six guys in the grade above me. This was not just mental, it was physical. Some days I would come home with bruises and a fat lip yet, I was only five years old so what was I meant to tell my parents? I said nothing until my older sister found out and then it began to die down.

Years went on and I was still bullied by multiple people along my primary school years. I tried not to let it affect me but as you can see, obviously it has. In grade two I was convinced I was gay, grade four I thought I had a good group of friends until I found out they all hated me, in grade six I lost my grandmothers on both sides of my family (which hit me pretty hard) and I really didn't start high school.

I entered year seven with a clear mind and it was ok until the end of the year when I dislocated my knee. That was when the first suicide attempt came along and the self harm. Overall, my suicide count is at least nearing 200.

Year eight I came out to two of my best friends who were fighting with each other. I then later found out that both of them liked me and I did not know what to do. I am now with one of them and she is the best thing that has ever happened to me yet, she still fails to know about some of this.

Now, I am ending year nine and going into year ten. I have been with my girlfriend for almost nine months and I begun to seek mental help four or five months ago. I have had my moments of regret here and there and my fall backs but so far, I am one month clean of self harm and two weeks clean of trying to attempt suicide. If you're contemplating seeking help, I really urge you do so as there are so many beautiful people you can meet and it really does, get better :)