Scared and depressed, considering inpatient. Any advice/support?

My mind is a mess - again. I have been struggling with bipolar disorder (type 1) for almost 10 years. I've been in all sorts of treatments. This past year has been a living hell. I fell off the functioning world and dove into a deep depression. College fell apart and I finally was about to call it quits on life. But I changed my mind at the last second and decided against it. I was brought into the hospital and after many hours of waiting, talking, and waiting, I was admitted inpatient. I've been struggling and my life has become a tiny bit better. I've only had two manic episodes. My mania is controlled but my depression is completely out of control. 

I have been slowly falling into a dark hole and I'm barely able to keep my head above water. 

It's been happening slowly but suddenly I've dropped pretty low quickly. 

I have gone back to self-harming in more than one ways. While cutting is potentially dangerous, I also began overdosing again. And this is what is really scaring me. 

Last night, I was beyond upset and beyond properly coping. So I turned to the easy and immediate relief coping behaviors. I wasn't trying to kill myself, but on some level I did want to die. I sort of hoped that things would go wrong and my death would only appear an accident. 

I broke down, I was in so much emotional pain. I couldn't take it. I was only a few steps away from go back to the hospital and admit myself. But I didn't. 

I still am carrying around this pain today. I'm still wishing for an accident that will kill me. 

Tomorrow is one of the days I'm attending my IOP program. I'm still considering confessing my emotions and admitting myself to inpatient. On one hand I don't find being inpatient particularly comforting because while I can voluntarily admit myself, I can't just walk back out the doors once I'm admitted. 

On the other hand I know I will be safe. I will feel safe. I can take a short break from my tormented mind and stabilize it enough to function one some level. Any crises or triggers can be dealt with while in the hospital. I can get instant help when I'm about to "flip out". I know what it's like, I know the routine and the environment. I know it's nothing to be feared - I know that it is far better that other psych hospitals. 

I don't even know what to do. I guess I just wantes some support or encouragement or advice. 

My behaviors are getting worse and edging closer to causing serious damage - I don't know why I even desire it. I am scared by my choices but I also secretly hope I will die from them. 

I'm getting really tired of fighting my own mind. 


