Looking for a little outside perspective.

Where to begin. Basically I'm going through a nervous breakdown. I'm 20. I've dropped out of high school due to a similar breakdown, as well as college. Just now I've quit my first full time job. I've got really severe anxiety. Most of the time it's okay. I manage to get by with a low level constant nervousness, but when it gets bad it gets real bad. Also depression. Most of the time it's like it doesn't even exist, and then all of a sudden I'm no longer able to function. 

Currently I haven't showered in over a week. I only manage to eat because my (long distance) SO manages to force me. I can't sleep at all. I catch a few hours here and there but never a proper full night. Sometimes I take a few too many benedryl just so I can stay asleep. I live in my mom's garage and right now it's such a disgusting mess there are fruit flies everywhere and my bed is so covered in laundry I've started sleeping on the couch. 

I would have checked myself into inpatient days ago if I weren't so afraid of hospitals. Plus I wouldn't have any way to contact my SO for the duration of my stay. 

Right now I can't think about anything even slightly stressful without having a full on panic attack. I only ever leave my place to go buy cigarettes right now. 

At this point any time I think of the future it's just panic attacks. I think about giving away the majority of my life to a job just like the job I just quit. With all the stress that came with it. I have absolutely no control over the direction of my life. I have no control over my own brain thanks to mental illness. Even if I knew what direction I wanted to move I would never have the means to pursue it. In my life I will only ever get to do what I have to to survive, regardless of my happiness. And with my track record of failing school and college and never staying in a job longer than a year I don't think there's anyway I'll be able to break away from that vicious cycle. 

My god I just want to let everything go. I've been struggling with depression and anxiety since I was at least 12 and it's made my life an unlivable hell. At the same time I've started to resent my SO. Because I know I can't just leave them twisting in the wind. They struggle with depression and anxiety too, but they're getting treatment and they say they're doing it all for us and our future together. We're engaged. It's a promise of a better future. But I just want it all to end. I'm afraid to go get help for myself. I've had all sorts of bad experiences with therapists and psychiatrists and I'm so afraid. I'm afraid because depression and anxiety are near all I've ever known since I was a kid. I'm afraid of what I could possibly be underneath my mental illnesses. My SO is the only reason I really have to keep going and right now I hate that I love them so much because it means I feel like I'm stuck here. 

I don't know what to do. My life is falling apart. I need help. I'm not doing anything to help myself. 