Forever Alone in all aspects, depressed as a result, but don't seem to care

Every day, I wake up and go about my day, but every day I realize how useless my life is. I don't matter to anyone, no one matters to me, I've spent about 2 decades this way, but it's really starting to hit me like a ton of bricks. At this point, it's not a phase, it's a fucking rule for me. I don't have any real times with an exception to this in my entire life. I want someone or something to give me a meaning, but really nothing ever has. Hell, the most interaction I get now is on fucking Twitter, where I have to mask my feelings. If you go there, you'll see  I'm a huge proponent of gamergate, but that issue only makes it worse for me. It's driven home the fact that humanity as a whole really couldn't care less about me as a person as long as I have controversial views. I'm that guy who sits in his own little world all day, thinking things to himself and never sharing since no one cares. I see this as less of a mopey story, but me being inherently incompatible with the world and people in general. Every time I try to make a human connection with someone, it either falls flat on its face or fucking dies in a fire. I tried to change myself and put forward my best foot for a long time, and it never worked. Not once. So, as all of us should know what comes next, I just retreated from the world I felt was a puzzle with no empty slots that matched my shape. I started gaming more frequently and longer, browsed the internet at a feverish pace, all in what I see now as an attempt to shut out what I had identified as a harmful experience - that is, all experiences with any thinking thing outside my head. And, for the last few months, I've barely staved off my desire to just end it all. There's nothing good going for me. I am starting to give in to that desire, and I don't imagine it'll be long until I go through with it. But, for the moment of clarity or self-challenge to see if my position stands up, foolhardiness, whatever, I really need some help and am reaching out for it.