I've felt it coming, and now I don't care

Last new years had caused me to try to kill myself. I had been all but abandoned by every one of my friends and finally broke. And although I lived, I had an odd premonition that if my life kept on the course it had, then I wouldn't be alive to see the next year.

I kept trying to forget about that, but slowly it seems like that premonition was correct. 

My friend whom I loved deeply was getting extremely distant, my constant attempts to get a job went unfruitful, my closer friends online disappeared and went places and lost contact with me. None of my friends will ever actively talk to me, and even when I feel terrible no one seems to give a fuck.

My birthday came and went and literally everyone I invited left before it was over despite how much I worked on getting everything ready 

My best friend left me, and doesn't seem to care about anything that has happened between us.

Literally nothing seems to help, antidepressants do nothing at all, in therapy my psychologist went on a year long vacation and I've now been tossed to a social worker and back to square one with that, no one even seems to give a fuck enough to even just say "Hi" to me, despite them KNOWING that simply talking to me will help.

I have no job, I have no dreams or goals, I really don't give a shit about life, the one person who I really loved and made me feel a bit like the stress and tedious bullshit of life was worth it, left me and doesn't give two shits about me, realistically I don't even think anyone would even realize I'm dead for a month or so if I was gone. I don't even care about the idea of life getting better anymore, I just want it to be over, I want the numb to be gone l, life doesn't appeal to me.

I want my friend back in my life, and the more I try to let go of them and those memories, the less everything seems to matter. Food honestly doesn't seem to taste as good, everything is boring, and I never feel happy, the closest I ever get to it is a cheap amusement.

When I think about if people would hurt, I really don't see anyone really feeling bad, just a bit taken aback, some might feel a bit sad, but it's not like anyone would have their life changed, they don't talk to me or see me anyways, they would go on like nothing changed.

I honestly feel that if this stays the way it has, I really will kill myself before the next year. Death doesn't scare me, even if there is no afterlife that doesn't scare me in the slightest.