My adult mental health foster home is just a load of bs, and I have no hope for the future, and I feel trapped

I've been living in this home as a long-term client, for several years, and I gotta tell you, it is privately owned, and the baby boomer couple who runs this place are terrible people. The lady's bf is a violently abusive douchebag who does not pull his punches when his precious gf is threatened. The fact that she relies on a tough guy for self defense made it very clear they refuse to leave their shitty 1950's mindset behind. And she calls herself a liberal feminist. While their ages give them some justification, it is no fucking excuse to physically threaten me just because I use cuss words. The fact that he tells me I need to grow some balls and be a real man really made me lose what little respect I had for him in the first place. As a bisexual girly-man, I have absolutely no respect or tolerance for this whole "be a real man" way of thinking. His overreaction to my overreaction to a trivial matter made me feel like shit this past weekend. It sure as hell didn't help when he explicitly stated he thinks absolutely everything about psychiatry, psychology and therapy is complete bull and a waste of time. I'm posting this here because this is the closest I have been to acting on the suicide plans chronically in my head. That's how shitty this asshole has made me feel. And it doesn't help that as a fetal-alcohol syndrome victim with an IQ of 123, it is VERY obvious to me what the future holds, especially considering I'm a trekkie raised by an adoptive family of trekkies, and I do not see anything good about the future, for both my personal life, and the entire damn human race. Ive been depressed since I was seven and suicidal since 14. And I turn 30 in a few days. I have always wanted off this giant floating ball of constipated space shit, and as a huge astronomy hobbyist, especially in the arena of exoplanets (extrasolar planets), everything I have learned about space and physics and the general environment of space, gives me the impression that earthlike planets are prisons, not beacons of life. And my beliefs most certainly contribute to my suicidal desires, not to mention my lifelong virginity and inability to attract a female partner. Considering most of my experiences with men, especially authority figures, have been negative for much of my life, I will never go any further than checking out a guy for his hotness. I have only stayed alive specifically for my adoptive parents, who although relatively nice, are very, VERY emotional people. Once they go, I go. And my siblings have no say in this, because once both my parents die, I'm hightailing it off this rock using any means necessary. -_- And yes I completely veered off my original topic. Mental and personality disorders just plain suck. :(