Hey everyone, its that fucked up teen again. Please help, i could kill myself tonight

"DISCLAIMER" please please PLEASE don't call 911 or the police on me, and don't try tracing my address. The last thing my already-stressed out parents need right now is the RCMP knocking on their door at 10:00 at night.

Also i can't really PM people (i think that its too slow) so please leave all your advice on this page.

Well, it's been 8 months since my last post and in those 8 months, a lot has happened. Ill tell you guys about it since most of it is the reason for why I'm back on this sub, and why I could be leaving it soon (for good, and for the worse)

1. I realized how much of a fucking burden I am on my parents. Now we're low income to start (after taxes income is around 50,000$CAD) so we're strapped for money most of the time. And yet my parents are always buying nice stuff for me and shit. Like this week they just bought me a 100$ bottle of Paco Rabanne. I do realize that complaining about this  makes me seem like the ingrate I am, but I always tell my parents that no i don't need this, this costs too much, you can get financial assistance for this etc. And all my parents ask of me for this is "get good grades" Easy right? Well the problem is is that they only ask for good grades in math (my worst subject) and I can't get them. Now I study, I ask for help, I go over the notes and home and do practice questions and I still get marks in the 50s. Today my mom finally called me out on this shit, and thanks to her I've come to realize that I'm stressing my parents out way too much and it would be better for the whole family if I was gone. My parents work long hours and go through sleepless nights just to put up and support my lazy idiotic ass. Killing myself seems like the best way to stop it. 

2. Another thing that would strain relations between me and my parents is the fact that i'm no longer muslim. This stresses me out the most because even if i turn myself into the perfect son and we someone manage to regain a loving relationship, it will be DESTROYED the moment i come out to them as a deist. This is another prime example of me completely and totally ruining my family's life by just existing. 

3. As you can see from the last few sentences, I want to kill myself. But I still want to live life. I want to go do crazy shit in other countries and have sex and see things and help people and all that shit. But since I'm too much of a gutless shit to just put up with life and all the pain, I guess i might off myself. Now I've made friends, joined clubs and found ways (vidya, Internet, socializing) to take my mind off of suicide and to make my life a bit more bearable until I can leave home. But at the end of the day, I'm still a suicidal worthless fuck. And even though there are only 3 years left until I can legally leave, it feels long and painful as fuck when suicide's on your mind.

4. I'm also to much of a coward to actually get help in person. At my school we have the guidance counsellor who could deal with this stuff, but every time i try getting in there i walk out at the last minute. Im way too much of a coward to get help. I also can't get help from my family or friends since a) they have absolutely no idea about this and b) cause I'm too scared to ask

So there you have it. My plans for killing myself originally were to head down to the downtown part of my city to have a look at it one last time and them destroy myself with 30+ Tylenol Extra Strength pills. But after researching about what happens on a paracetamol overdose, i've decided to just simply grab my shaving razor, head over to downtown and just slice my wrists up until there isn't any blood left in me. I desperately desperately want to live and succeed at life, but I honestly can't take the 3+ years of suicidal thoughts I've been facing anymore. I tried killing myself by asphyxiation a few years back, but it obviously didn't work, and now I'm sitting here wishing that it did. I feel like i should act upon these suicidal  thoughts instead of just letting them torture me every night. Advice?