Anxiety and depression at all time high, feeling utterly lost and trapped

Back-story on me cause it's relevant I suppose. I was bullied a lot in elementary school and it's shaped who am I as a person quite a bit. I'm naturally introverted and not comfortable around new people. The results of bullying are that I have 0 confidence in myself, feel disgusting physically, social anxiety etc.

I moved to the Netherlands a few months ago for University and a fresh start. The Uni I chose advertised as a international one and I figured that it would be a good environment for me to start over. I expected a lot of nationalities and new cultures and instead it's 50% Dutch (which is fine of course, it's their country after all) and 50% German. I speak neither. This has resulted in me frequently being the only non-German speaker in a group and since I'm not good at small talk I have made next to no friends. I hang out with my roommate a bit and that's pretty much it. 

I've been having a lot more suicidal thoughts recently. It's about as bad as when I was being bullied. I almost ordered some helium but stopped myself. Honestly, the only reason I haven't ended it is cause of my parents and grandma. I can't bring that much pain onto them. I can't. 

I'm trying to see if I can transfer next year to Amsterdam and I have a friend from back home that's gonna study at the same Uni as me (even if I transfer). That and the thought of going home for a week next month is what's keeping me going, but honestly I keep thinking about how easy it would be to just end all this shit. All the anxiety, insecurity and sadness. It goes without saying I think that my experience with girls is non-existent. 

If I can't transfer to a different Uni into the second year, I will be stuck here for the remaining 2 of my bachelors. I don't know what I'll do then. I'm afraid I might actually go through with it then. 

I miss my family, I miss my friends, I miss my days at high school where I was completely at ease with the people around me.

I know there are people on here for sure with harder lives than a guy that gets to study at a good Uni but I have nobody to talk to.