Getting out of the shadow, having a promising future, to have it all erased and tumbling back again.

I thought I would give this a chance. There is the possibility that somebody out there can provide me with some input, a view, that I haven't considered.

TL;DR: Smart, sensitive but broken boy becomes man, gets one of the most promising educations, looses everything including opportunity-window and will to exist.

Full story:

I was always a curious boy, with the glimt in his eye and an unsatisfiable thirst for knowledge. Creative, pursued classical piano and music with accolades.

Brother and father where threats. The whole family disdained expressed happiness, and sadness and bad-talk were the accepted moods. Passive aggressiveness was the fact of life, and that fist in the air that never hit. Heavy fundamentalist christian parents. I discovered I was a homosexual. I couldn't trust anybody and became extremely private and had a hard time letting people in and socializing. I left religion, and this made it even harder to feel safe with my family. I just lacked support from everywhere.

Got depressed at 14. Later I understood that it was clinical. Stopped going to school but managed to get good grades. Tried to commit suicide thrice without anybody knowing. Stopped at the last minute. The life force was too powerful.

I managed to move to the opposite world, to Australia. Life was better than ever! I loved everything, and my life had flow. I slept well, I had good friends, I didn't worry about anything; this was my place on earth. Sydney was the only place I had encountered where I felt as if "home", as if I belonged here. Always felt like an alien in my birth town. But due to happenstance, somebody convinced me to change education, and I moved back to Europe.

The following years I got an education in finance, one of the best in Europe. But I also saw everything I trusted get destroyed at the point where I was supposed to funnel surplus energy into a career, and a new life.
I've missed all the normal social windows. Realizing this pains me.

My best friend and lover, who was the first person in my life I could fully trust, left me in a nasty and inconsiderate way. I wasn't out with my sexuality. I had no one to talk to about this break-up and was left alone to suffer and cry.
The woman in my life who was most important suddenly had disappeared. Years later, at this point, I was told the reason: My own father had sexually harassed her. I was filled with so much rage that I woke in the middle of the night, shaking. The religious hypocrisy just made me despair with anger; religion had early on taught me sin, shame, and then self-hate. I didn't dare to visit my parents 'cause I feared what I might do to my father in this state.
One of my other and best female friends, then just turned on me. She was probably in to me, romantically and sexually. But she was also nuts. Rejecting her advances, I was suddenly accused of being of being a sexual criminal. My world went tumbling down. Nothing felt real. "Why does this happen to me?" I didn't understand. I had wanted to change the world to a better place, to help others, to write books in self-help. Now I was just sapped of strength.
We were always very poor. This stressed us, and even us children, every day. Suddenly I find out that my sister had received 50 000 EUR (60 000 USD) from my parents, when I had received almost nothing. My brother had similarly received (for us) huge sums. I was shocked. It's hard to relay those feelings accurately if you haven't experienced poverty. Somedays I had cursed myself and my life since another day of living would incur costs that I couldn't afford. I never relied on my family since I thought they were poor. With that money, I could have made three times profit in real estate, or in investments (I had the opportunities). I could have had security in living, instead of moving around.
I lost my job. The job had suddenly begun to look promising so I had declined eight other good job-offers. Then I was promised another one which I greatly looked forward to. That boss was flakey, so when it was time, he changed his mind to my huge disappointment. He had given me his word.
I haven't got any offers. One of my previous employers who were a tax-evader didn't want to give references. I don't have money, and after one year of having nothing left to live on and seeing your savings go to zero, I moved back to my parents.
I'm over thirty, so I feel that I missed the opportunity-window to have a career. With this, all my quite modest expectations and dreams just crumbled. I feel directionless, powerless over all the injustices that are untouchable.

This place, at my parents, is where I was brought up to failure, and where I lived in sadness and threat every day. It grinds me down. The last time I smiled and laughed from my heart was five years ago. The last time I slept well was six years ago.
I carry a constant sadness, and inability to relax. Due to all stress I have PTSD.

I've received medication, and therapy. I have tried different things - legal and some not so - in order to try to alleviate this depression. It's been twenty years. I was beginning to believe that there was a possibility for a reasonable life, then everything was razed.

Earlier this year, I told one of my closest friends that I had lost my last wish to live, and would commit suicide. I hade vowed to tell somebody first, and so I told him. The help hasn't really helped.

Now I'm sitting here, alone. I am a different person: I used to be intelligent, hungry for knowledge, and with a great drive; now, I'm muted, and I lack the power to make changes. I used to be able to be at least a bit happpy, now it's like a painted glow, that never sticks, never penetrates. I used to have empathy, to be able to connect with people and understand them at a deep level; now I am a broken drum, and I feel it is meaningless to date and to make friends since I can't connect, and I don't have that energy. I don't feel pleasure in pretty much anything, sometimes not even music (composing). I see nothing in the future. I really wish I had succeeded in killing myself twenty years ago.

Of course there are more details, and more things that happened. These are just the broad strokes.

I've found a clinic where I can get assisted suicide. And that gives me hope. All this was not worth it. I wanted to feel like a human again. Just to have a normal life. I have nothing.

I've tried all kinds of reasoning and angles of attack to see if there are solutions that are practically possible. I'm stumped. I'm happy for input. At best there may be some new ideas that could push me in the right direction.