living nightmare

the living nightmare

let me start by simply stating, MDMA and Ecstacy mixed at high doses mixed with
Marijuana. Not a good idea.

The First encounter with this never ending nightmare.
After a night of binge eating Ecstacy tablets (8+), snorting cocaine, and ending the hours of partying
with Bong rips a plenty.... I sat staring at a television, in and out of consciousness.
I come out of the trip exclaiming "JUST DO IT ALREADY, KILL ME"
and then slowly i calm down and exclaim "wow. drugs are bad."
 

The Second encounter
After attending a trance event and taking 8+ Ecstacy tablets.
Again i return to a friends place to smoke some marijuana and come down.
And again i lose my shit and sit staring at walls, in and out of consciousness.
I go into the trip because a friend packs a bowl and laughs and says "drugs are bad"
(triggered a relapse.)

this story is what i believe i saw and felt twice fully engrossed, and now i see it everyday at the back of my mind.



it begins with a memory, ever so distant.

everytime i remember everything, i will die/forget and start
all over again.

here is the basis of my existence,
i am trapped in a world of opposites.
with these opposites the truth is hidden from me,
and i do not deserve to know what the truth is.

because i broke a heart and was the betrayer,
but will never admit it. felt the fear of being found out building up to a point where i
always choose to end my life. but ironically start it again.

this life is a cruel joke that goes on forever,
the further along you think you are living.
the more you are actually dying.

there is a voice that tells me the following.
"you think it's living but it's not"

"you think you are happy but you never will be"

"you think you are loved, but you have never deserved it"

"it doesnt matter what you do or say because you deserve this so called life"

"you've known it all along, accept it."

"you have never lived in the first place, it was all an illusion"

"what you fear is truth"

"you will never know the truth either, dumbass"

the end-life scenarios, the deserved punishment and being dragged to hell.

1. betrayed by those you called friends, those you call brothers,
those you consider family, they have been in on it from the start.
getting stabbed through the heart by your perfect opposite,
which happens to be your perfect mirror image / shadow / doppelganger

2. poisoned by the one thing you consider gives you life. Water.


bodily functions symbolic of life and death.
gulp (swallow water, gain life)
burp (reverse fart, you are going to live)
fart (you are going to shit and die)
shit (last thing you do when you die)
piss (what happens when you feel fear) (expelling life)
sweat (fear arising, expelling life)

physical objects symbolic of life and death
mobile phone battery (no battery, no life)
clock (your time is running out)
knife (object which ends your life)
blanket (the truth is covered)

symbolism in language
day off (wasting life)
tripping out (seeing true reality)
weekend (life at end)

GG.

nothing is real. it has all been fabricated to entrap.
waking up (Remembering everything)
and 
falling asleep (Forgetting everything)

all dreams are real as well.

past present future. life is paradox.

every polaric opposite to trap you for all of time.

"everything on tv and in media is the story of how you have eternally fucked up."

"make your bed, lie in it too.
reap what you sow.
blame it on drugs as much as you want,
you know at the core of your being
you will never know redemption."

-------------------------

i also suffer from HPPD now, constant visual snow and tinnitus.
the visual snow exacerbates my paranoia and fear because
i believe my existence is slowly fading to black.

and strangely enough my tinnitus is also a factor because i believe the last thing i hear is
the ringing so loud and then nothing, forever.

This is my living nightmare, as best as i can describe it.

I am trying so hard to mindfully integrate all these things i have visualised and experienced.

I have quit everything now, from cigarettes to marijuana to anything that could remotely alter my consciousness.

I have triggered full blown panic attacks thinking about these experiences, 

feelings of unreality and intense fear and flashing back to these life/death paradox thoughts over and over again. 

This is the first time i have put this all into words. Please, i need help.. and guidance. to know that there is hope after all.
