I hate this place.

Excuse the misrtypings im high


Every time I go here I b only feel worse., it's always the same generic catch fall shit that peiople post to make us feel better, if anyone even replied. Butbi come here anyways hoping this I'll be the last time and maybe this time it reslly will. I tired fucking up. Im not even 18 yet and I a fucming heroin addict. In high now. I wrote a note the other day For my friends n family ifi ever accidentally OD:



&gt;Mom, dad, bro, I'm so sorry to put you through this. You've heard it a million times before, but that was is the last time I'll say it. I know our relationships haven't been great, and the fact that I went out and started shooting heroin is the final nail in the coffin. 


&gt;If I survived you have every right to cut me out of your lives. I understand. If I don't, take peace in the fact that I deserve this.

&gt;I love heroin. I wish, I really do that I could have loved you  more than this horrible, wonderful drug. I hate myself for that. Please take care of each other and I'll see you in the afterlife.


&gt;Sam, Connor, Mary, you three are my best friends and I love you all. Sam and Connor, thank you for being 2 of the few friends I had the first couple years after we met. I would have killed myself without you guys. Mary, we've only been friends for half a year, but I feel like we've known each other a lifetime. You helped me through some tough times and I never had the confidence to say it, but I had feelings for you that went beyond physical attraction. You were the only person in this world I could really, *really* talk to, which is why I really liked you. You're an incredibly strong woman and I hope you find happiness someday.


&gt;Good bye.


I wish life were that easy.juat "Good bye" and you're gone. Then my family n my friends won't have to find out I'm a junkie scumbag scumbag junkie. I'm just being an asshole and ranting so I'll stop and go away and be miserable somewhere else. I'm apologize. Bye.