Hiding behind the facade of a young, intelligent, highly-educated and ambitious young upstart...

I've known about /r/SuicideWatch for a long time but it's sad to finally be writing here now. Well, here goes.

I guess on paper things look OK. I'm 26, I'm a lawyer licensed to practice law in the state I live in, I have no criminal record and a good credit history. At least in those respects I'm maintaining appearances.

But a closer inspection reveals my life is a wreck. Law school, from which I graduated in May of last year, has left me a burnt out and possibly alcoholic mess. I am in $200,000 (yes, $200,000) worth of federal loan debt. I've been selling assets of mine (some of which were given to me by my parents to *keep*) just to pay bills. I've avoided going back to working a cash register (which is what I was doing prior to law school), but I suppose very soon I'll be doing that exact same thing again. What a failure I am.

Which I suppose isn't really such a problem, because I won't ever be homeless. This is in no small part thanks to me also being a privileged piece of shit. At least my parents are both successful – what the fuck happened to me is anyone's guess. I've been unemployed since graduating. I failed the bar multiple times before finally passing it earlier this year (yay, some small consolation, I guess). I pretend I am employed as a part-time clerk at a law firm I used to barely do some "work" for, but only because my parents know people in the firm. I asked one of the partners whether I could be an associate after passing the bar recently and, um, yeah, no. Must have been a tough call. Of course, if any prospective employer digs around too much asking how much time I put in working at the firm I supposedly work at, I'm not sure how long my little cover story will hold up. And of course, saying I've been unemployed for 1+ year will destroy any remaining chances I have at a career, let alone even a normal job. 

This would all be well and good if I actually *wanted* a job, because at least then my motivation would get me to write all the cover letters/resumes and prepare for all the interviews I need to give to get a job. But actually, I am more and more discouraged by what lawyers actually DO on a day-to-day basis than ever before. Lawyers are basically self-serving paper-pushers, many of whom would push their grandmothers over a cliff if it gave them an associate position at a white-shoe law firm and helped service their often equally ridiculous debt loads. I'm not even joking. Many lawyers don't care what they do, whether it's helping put more people in an overcrowded prison system, helping debt collectors threaten deadbeats, denying the most insurance claims for their insurance company, joining the massive military-industrial-prison complex which seems to account for maybe 2/3rds of the American economy at this point, running the entire goddamn defunct political system (seen Congress before? The Senate?), or any number of other horrid, socially-draining careers that are too numerous and varied to name here.

My personal life isn't so much better. I guess the fact I haven't had sex or been in a relationship since 2009 is a cause for concern. But sex and relationships seem so distant, so sweet now, like some kind of luxury that people who have their shit together get to enjoy. Not me. I'm not even confident anymore, I don't even want to flirt with anyone anymore, and the thought of caring for and nurturing another human being seems almost comical given my own staggering inability to take care of even my most basic problems.

I am depressed. I wake up at about noon and feel miserable that I have to live another day in my life before going back to the sweet, non-judgmental world of sleep again. But what happened a few weeks ago I think is pushing me over the edge from just untreated clinical depression to being genuinely suicidal. I really don't want to live anymore. 

Through some connections of my parents (of course – the only real way some piss-poor law student-turned bar exam failee-turned fake law firm clerk is going to get his foot in the door anywhere), I was allowed to follow around some attorneys at a state agency a few weeks ago. Well, in classic incompetent fashion, despite having shown up on time, dressed nicely and appropriately prepared with a clear, sober head, I STILL managed to basically forget the instructions that were left for me the week prior to me coming to meet someone in the agency at a particular time, and instead I just thought I was instructed to keep going ahead and watching proceedings happen at this agency's court system. It's kind of a long and more complicated story, but trust me, it points to something I've long suspected – that all my failings, my shortcomings, are really just manifestations of what people have called me since I was probably 5 or 6 – a "space cadet." Yeah, sometimes I just *forget* things! Even when I overcome all my other problems, I still just basically *blank out* on occasion and forget what it is I'm supposed to do, what someone else was talking about, or *just where I was plain fucking supposed to be* at a particular time! Isn't that just a *great* fucking quality you want in someone whose job is to represent you in court? So yeah, safe to say I've probably blown whatever remote chances of landing a job I may have had there. 

Ok, so maybe you're reading this thinking, "jeez, maybe you should just not be a lawyer and do something else for a living." Which is probably a good idea. But then again, there's nothing else I really *want* to do for a living. There's really nothing else I've ever imagined myself doing other than being a lawyer, nor anything I can see myself genuinely enjoying. I'm depressed and have been a while, so maybe that's just coloring my general hatred of all things I seem to have at this point. But of course, now that I don't like lawyers in general, and now that I don't know what else I could ever see myself doing in life, I realize that all my life I've been coasting through school just to become trained in a job I don't actually want to do. Talk about digging yourself into a hole! $200K in debt, a growing alcohol problem and a burning hatred for all the assholes who are employed in the jobs I *should* be doing by now? Fantastic! 

Being at this state agency was great, too, because not only could I actually *see* what I should be employed doing, but I could also see (successful) graduates from my own class working those same jobs! And I got to follow one around, as if to put the sheer magnitude of my failure these past few years into perspective for the both of us! Yay! 

So yeah, I've confirmed something I've long suspected – that I would rather just be dead. Fuck it, I have a good credit rating and some cash, maybe I should just go to Vegas, get some hookers and some blow, forget about all this shit and buy a gun with some bullets as my last remaining purchase for when all my credit is completely shot to shit.

Sometimes I wish I could take it all back... everything. I'm sorry for being what I am, I can't help it. Everything looks good on paper, but I'm just in a downward spiral. I haven't been suicidal since I was like 14 or 15 until now. Please help. :(