I'm a loser, lazy, and I'm Tired. Here is where I wrote of how much of a loser I am.

Made this account to vent my frustrations and write a big wall of text here I go. Gonna try to remember what happened in the past and write my shit story. I don't even know if I'm using a comma correctly. I'm terrible at expressing myself and horrible at writing. There's a TL;DR version all the way in the bottom to sum things up.  



I've been suffering from depression and anxiety since middle school. I'm a fucking moron. For some reason around 5th grade +. I stopped doing my homework, fell behind on studies, and all that jazz. Now I'm 26 and feel like I have a 4th grade education. All I did was play Video games. Probably doesn't help that I'm a slow learner. 



I had friends in middle school through high school, but I lost them all eventually. Also, I never finished high school traditionally. I ended up going to a place called Therapeutic Day School. Where all I did was do work packets where all the answers can be found @ the page before to make up my missing credits. I remember my freshmen year of high school and giving out a presentation. I didn't want to do, but I remember not being so nervous about it at all till someone in my class mentioned how I was shaking during the presentation. I became so self-conscious after that and never gave out more than 2-3 presentations for the whole 4-5 years I was in high-school. This is the point in my life where I noticed my anxiety started to kick in. I had trouble socializing with my peers because I thought they'd all think I'm stupid, ugly, etc. Pretty much I have the lowest self-esteem ever as you guys can tell. 



Now about myself. Recently I just turned 26. I've been working in retail @ the stockroom for 7+ where I don't have to interact with a lot of people. I'm really bad during Confrontation. When someone is mad at me because I fucked up, I get extremely nervous.  Even when something happens and it's not my fault I get really anxious. It's really unbearable. I feel a lot of pressure around my chest, I cannot recite words correctly, stutter, feel like I wanna cry. My eyes are always teary. Even when someone else is having an argument I get really anxious and teary eyed. Around people of authority I can never be myself and get really nervous.  Every time I try to respond to someone I have it perfectly thought out in my head, but when I try to deliver it I never make sense. What's wrong with me?  This pretty much sums up how I'm like at work. I'm kind of glad I get to interact with my co-workers, but I never get to close to them where I can talk about myself comfortably. Work is the only place where I feel "normal". I don't have to think about anything else, but finishing the task at hand.  Probably the only thing positive happening right now is having a job. I don't earn a lot though.



What else ... I am overweight probably weigh around 240+ now. Fat ass fuck, but eating is one of the things that makes me happy. I've never had a girlfriend before and I've only had sex once in my life. I have the smallest penis ever. I can't see my dick anymore. When erected I only measure up barely 2 inch. Micropenis maybe. Haven't been to a doctor for quite sometime.  I'm quite the unhealthy person.  My teeth are rotting off slowly. I wish I would die early , but knowing my fathers side of the family. Everyone lives up to 80+ years old. 



I have a dysfunctional family. When my mother got married it was one of those to gain citizenship here in the states. Met my father through her sisters husband. She was in her late 30s I believe when she had me. In my fathers side a whole bunch of shit is fucked up with genetics being the biggest one. First Aunt Bi-Polar, Second has anxiety issues, and last my father having Schizophrenia. The Schizophrenia he has are the auditory ones. It seems to me medication never did too much to help him. I never noticed something was wrong until I reached middle school.  He was always talking to something. It was very distracting to me and got me so irritated I wanted to choke someone to relieve myself. I hate him. He doesn't work anymore and the only source of money is from his small retirement/SSI(Not too sure, but it's barely anything) Don't know how the whole thing works.



My dad is deadbeat and I as well. Growing up all I remember is him being at home. Never thought anything about, I was a kid. All he ever did was gamble at the horse track, smoke, and stay home. A bum. The house where I live in was bought by my grandparents, but never payed off. It was then passed down to my family and my uncles. So 50/50 ownership. Our families don't get along. There was always arguing when I was young and it's still going on, but not too frequent. It always made me so nervous when fighting started to happen. My heart would beat like crazy during those times. With my fathers side being fucked up mentally and all the arguments that occurred. It all contributed to how fucked up I am emotionally. I hate my family.
 


My mother is hardworking, supportive, and loving. She was always at work when I was young and now she's working 2 jobs. She's turning 63 soon. Growing up she was the main source of income and still is. I love her soooo much. I hate myself for being so worthless. I was always a bratty/whiney kid growing up. Wanted new toys, games, whatever. We couldn't afford a lot when it was pretty much my Mom providing solely. There was always food on the table, clothes on our back, and a place to sleep. I was fortunate to have these things. Having the house helped a lot. Wasn't till later that I found out we weren't doing well financially. She's always been in debt and eventually filed bankruptcy. She still owes a lot of money. Biggest one from taking a joint loan with my uncle I believe for paying off the rest of the house. Where my uncle has his side to help pay and my side where it's all mom. I really hate my dad. I hate myself.



I'm lucky to have such a supportive mother, but a lot of the times she just doesn't understand me. I believe when I tell her that I hate my father, I'll never go to his funeral, it's his fault I ended up like this ( I really having a hard time explaining this right now I hope it makes sense. I'll probably edit this part later on) . I feel like she thinks all these thoughts will fade as a got older. My anxiety and depression won't go away. I've had some bad side effects from medication and I'm too scared of taking them now. Also, don't want to be dependent on them. Therapy never helped me, it was all a waste of money.



I'm been getting worse as I've gotten early. Every other day all I can think about is hoping to die or finding away to commit a painless death. I fell so bad that she's done all this to help raise me and as she gets older I won't be able to support her. I've been plagued with so much guilt. I've hurt my mothers feelings so much. I'm an awful person, but I still can't stop blaming her. I'll list a few things I told her that I can thin k of right now.



1. Why did you get married and start a family with a retard. You fucked us all up.
2. I wish you had an abortion.
3. You may have been given a fresh start a life or probably happy here, but you ruined mine. I wish I was never born.



Pretty much all I can remember at the moment. Pretty much expressed how unhappy I am, but never hinted of being suicidal.

I pretty much took 1 hour + just to write this. If you gotten this far thank you so much for taking your time to hear me out. I really needed to get this off my chest. Never did something like this before. 

I skimmed through this and all I can see reading is that I'm spoiled and I should be lucky. Compared to other people. I wasn't throw out for being worthless, hated, etc. 

To sum it up. Fuck I want to die already. I've been planning to kill myself. Got some crazy ideas right now. I've just had enough. 


Thank you guys again for reading.


**TL;DR**

I'm a loser, fat, retard, and I wish I was dead.