I have no future.

I'm a 25 year old female. I've always been kind of an outsider in life, but I don't really know why; other people who are ugly, or shy, or awkward, they can make friends and somehow I can't. I did well in high school, grades-wise, and got good scores on my SATs. I then went to college and hit what I thought was rock bottom...I got homesick and anxious and stopped attending classes, and I lived in a suite so whenever my roommate was away for the weekend I'd stay in the room literally the whole weekend so that the other suitemates didn't know I didn't have any friends or anywhere to go. I'd pee in a cup and pray they couldn't see the light from my little lamp. I'd hear them talking about me and laughing, and if there was ever a time in my life that was close to how I feel now, that was it.

Eventually, it was of course found out that I didn't attend classes, so I went back home and started at a local community college, where I felt the same anxieties and stopped attending classes again. Only this time I was living at home so I had to pretend to go to class, and I felt awful lying to everyone about it for two semesters, when I was found out it caused a huge rift between me and my family.

Last year I went back to school, I was resolved to just *do* it and I did for a little while, I did very well one semester and poorly the second, but this semester I stopped attending my classes about two weeks into the semester, and I used up all of this year's financial aid paying off my remaining bill from last year, so I can't afford another semester. I'd say it was anxiety that made me stop going, but I don't know if that's even true. I guess it's more that I gave up and I *HATE* myself in a lot of ways because I'm my own worst enemy and I *don't know how not to be*. I'm at a loss and feel like I'm at the end of my rope. I don't have any specialized skills and I work a retail job. I have nowhere to go and I'm still living with my parents.

Am I going to kill myself? Probably not. I don't know. But I do know I'm at the end of some rope and I'm feeling very similarly to the way I did when I was suicidal. I just feel so helpless and often I think that it'd be easier to just die than to have no real income, no friends, no future.

I can't, or won't, talk to my parents about it because the only time I feel the slightest bit OK is when I'm at home at night, and can pretend. Talk to a friend, people say, but I don't have any. Literally. I've never gone on a date. I've never held hands with anyone, or kissed anyone, and I'm 25 years old. I don't know why. I don't think I'm that ugly. I'm kind. My parents say I'm funny (have you ever heard a more pathetic sentence?) and I'm generous. But it feels like there's nothing out there for me and there never will be.
