I want to say thank you for your support and goodbye

The main reason why I post this is to just say thank you. This is my second post I make here, you can read the first one [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/2ika18/i_want_to_kill_myself/) if you want to for whatever reason. But in my first post some of you actually gave me hope and reasons not to end it. So, thank you for the supports that some of you here provide. You guys are amazing and you can be proud of yourself for building up this subreddit. 

Anyways, someone here suggested me to try things step bye step and it actually worked. I was able to leave my house for the first time since some months and even went to school for a few days. It took me a lot of motivation and it made me proud and somewhat happy for a while. But everything else still went downhills. I've started cutting myself right after my first post. As soon as I think that someone hates me I cut my left arm over and over again. I hate the pain it causes and I hate all the blood but I deserve it. Why? Well, everyone I meet just seems to straight up hate me so I must be a horrible person I guess. So I derseve these cuts. And visiting school again reminded me of that again because as soon as others in school noticed the cuts I changed into another person for them. Now I'm not the stupid one that is too lazy to go to school, now I'm the crazy psychopath that plays with knifes...It's just so frustrating. I've been at home completely alone for most of the time in the last months and years. The lonelyness is killing me but as soon as I try to change things, go outside and even to school it's the pure hate that becomes a problem. Like, everyone I meet seems to either avoid or completely hate me. I mean even my mother hated me, said that I'm the fault she lost her job and didn't even want to see me until she recently died 3 weeks ago. And at least I wont be a burden to my father anymore if I finally do it. There are so many more things which are going wrong in my life but I don't wanna go into much detail.  

Btw, life itself is or can be beautiful, I know that, but we humans ruined that with our fucked up society. It makes me sad thinking about what feelings or memories I will never get if I end it now, but the price I have to pay for these experiences is too high and I can't carry on like this for more months or even years. My father is gone with his girlfirend for some days so I have plenty of time now to open the main artery on my wrist, bleed out and all the weight is finally gonna fall off my shoulders. I hope that all of you will be able to enjoy your lifes. 