I've Struggled with Lots of Things for Lots of Years, I'm Worried I Might Break Soon

I've struggled with depression pretty badly since I was probably 15. Or at least that's around the time I remember it getting noticeably bad

I've tossed around the idea of suicide and been extremely close to it several times. My worst episode was last January, after spending New Year's Eve alone and having a generally shitty 2013, I was ready to just see what awaited me in the next life. A text message inviting me to a New Year's Eve party kind of pulled me away from the edge. The party didn't actually happen but I felt a brief enough warmth that I didn't go through with anything.

My depression gets worse in the winter and I think I definitely have SAD and also am pretty sure I suffer from Borderline Personality Disorder.

My mood swings are insane and uncontrollable, and I often go from feeling pretty upbeat to feeling like there's just nothing left, and then I'll ping pong back and forth.

I've never been formally diagnosed with anything because I'm only 19 and the idea of taking all of this stuff to my mother scares the fucking shit out of me.

She would understand and would probably be helpful and maybe getting on meds or something would help me but the idea of putting this stuff out in the open terrifies me.

It's like I dig myself deeper into the rut.

I feel unsatisfied with a lot of the things in my life. I've never had a lot of success romantically and that really stings at my age. I have a very sarcastic personality and I feel like I have to do that because I don't want people to see what a blubbering emotional wreck I really am.

At the same time I know it causes people to look at me a certain way and I often get chastised for being "negative." People who say that kind of stuff don't know the half of it.

I've trapped myself in this rut where I give off this persona of being a somewhat laid back, if irritable and sarcastic guy when I'm really a very sensitive and emotional person but I feel like no one I've ever cared about has ever recipercoated that sensitivity.

I feel like I've got a lot of love to give but I have no way how to express it like a normal human so I act like a dickhead instead and it makes people view me in the wrong light.

It just makes me feel more hopeless because no one gets the real me. I sometimes feel like no one ever will

The past few weeks I've been feeling really shitty and I just don't know. It's bad. Probably some stuff I left out but I'm just rambling