Just my thoughts right now

Ok, first of all I'm writing this after just having had a nap and on my phone so things might be a little messy,and very long.

I'm a freshman in college, that in itself isn't so bad, although the amount of papers I have to write is ridicules. But like I said that in it of its self isn't the reason my life has had a downward spiral, though its defiantly not helping.

I've always had trouble with the fact that my parents were pushing down paths that they thought would led me to a happy life. After all its my life, only I know what will bring me happiness right. As it turns out I have no clue what will bring me happiness, and I'm too afraid of not living up to their expectations to make my own path. Here in lies the problem I've got.

I'm not to fond of college, the experience itself is fine however it doesn't fit with how I think I live to have a happy life. I don't like the fact that you really have to have money to be happy in this day and age. If I could break away from family ties I think I would go live secluded in the mountains. But I can't.

I haven't been home from college in a month or so, which is a good thing. It's not that I've got bad parents, really they are very good. Just the way they think clashes with the way I do. Anyway, my campus is next to some pretty amazing forests and this weekend I've been roaming around them. I think I should also say that my family is full of heavy smokers, kinda trait of being (insert last name here). I've barely ever seen my dad not smoke, and there is something comforting about having smoke flying around me. The walk I take are a few hours long and in that time I smoke about half a dozen cigarettes. Not that this has anything to do with my depression, just to let you know that its comforting in a way for that.

On my walk today I was talking to myself about how if I can't not feel bad about trying to live a happy life then what's the point of living at all. I mean no one knows why we live, we are supposed to find out for our selves. So after sitting on a log out in the woods for about half an hour, after giving up trying to talk myself out of it I didn't kill myself. I do now have this red line across my neck now. And because of this the other me, the one I talk to all the time, gives me a cigarette burn on my forearm I think as a reminder of what I almost did today. I don't really get it either, all I know is that my arms still in pain. A solid white dot now.

This is the first time I've come that close to doing it, other times I just think intensively on the subject and then decide it would hurt my parents more then the relief it would cause me to be done with this world. 

In case anyone was wandering no I don't normally smoke, I just picked up a pack on Friday.
Yes my roommate did acknowledge the cut on my neck, I told him it was from a patch of briars.
No my parents don't know about my depression, none of my family does. The only one that would be slightly aware would be my brother. I had a breakdown a few weeks ago, just wanted to finish this semester a get out. I'm now going to finish this year and then get out, if I can. 
I don't know how I forgot to mention this but a massive freaking reason as to why I've got problems is my parent financial state. They were always very... Thrifty to put it best. Never wanting to spend money on this or that. I guess it put in ky mind the fear that me going to college is actually bankrupting them. It's not, but college is a very pretty penny. I feel the need to succeed in life, ie. Make lots of money(not my definition of it) so I can repay them. My mother won't let me take out loans, telling me that her and my father can handle it. Probably can but its going to hurt.

Ok so, I also probably should say I'm the kid that sits alone in the back of the class, too afraid of making eye contact thinking that that will only lead to me having a conversation with said person. I am so terrified of having to talk to people, even people I already know. When I'm asked to talk during class you can most likely hear my heart start going triple speed from across the room.

I don't know how much of this is relevant to me having deep seeded depression and anxiety, and that other one where I think theirs too of me. That last one not as much, but I do feel there are defiantly two distinct side to me. I'm all soft and squishy while he's the one that usually makes the hard, somewhat bad, decisions.

Anyway, I'm not sure why I've written what seems like a book. I could definitely go into more detail about my problems if anyone is really board enough to want to know more.

I guess if you've made it this far thanks for taking interest in my very messed up life. I don't think I want anything from this subreddit, just wanted to write some thoughts down. And I guess it worked, I do feel "better" in a sense.

-my life right now