Mom goes crazy

This is my first time here and I don't know if this is the right subreddit but I'm hoping for the best.This also just happened about a hour ago.

Some background information on my mother. She works 6 days a week and she does not make a lot of income to take care of me and my little brother. On to the situation.

I was just on my computer, playing league of legends when I asked my mother to make me dinner. She said alright and went to make it. After she was finish, she screamed to tell me to come and eat. When I say scream, it was more of a screech. At this point I was scared. I went out and saw the plate with food on the table but she was bright red for some reason. She started screeching and screaming words that I don't understand and I'm just scared shitless. I don't know whether she was releasing stress by screaming or she's on her period but this is the first time in a while I've seen her like this. She walked back to her room just screeching and I'm standing at the table dumbfounded. Eventually, my aunt comes out and asks what's wrong but I was speechless. I just stared at her like I've seen a ghost. My aunt comes to ask her what's wrong but she just started screaming at her. My aunt tells her to relax and comes to me. Then, my aunt tells me she probably has to much stress and should relax. After that, my aunt goes to her room. Me, my brother, and my mom shares the same room because we're not rich at all. I was scared and I didn't want to go in. I spent sitting on the table for an hour while my brother watches tv. My brother looked like he was scared too. Eventually, she falls asleep and I come back to the room to write this. I don't know what she does outside the house but I think she's had it really bad. Our family had mostly rough times in our life so it must be getting to her. I don't know whats going on with her and I need some help/advice. Thank you for taking your time to read this






*update #1 . After the incident, I did some thinking and I am going to be more independent from now on but anyways aside from that. The past days were some really weird stuff. After the night, I found a pile of candy on the kitchen table. It was probably her since i saw her come out of the room but I have no idea why she would do something like that. I may be paranoid or she's taken over by satan. For some reason, she's been deathstaring me and giving me tone like she hates me. My little brother is fortunate to not get deathstared by my mother though... Continuing on, just now my mother was trying to watch a video but it wouldn't work so she furiously tapped it. She was tapping it that I thought the screen would break. After that, she threw the phone really hard to the floor. This surprised me by a lot and at this point I'm just terrified. She had the calmest face ever.... Then, I just kept doing what i was doing for 5 minutes but she was still tapping and throwing the phone. I looked back and she broke her case and the phone was laying on the floor. She then told me to discard the case and so I did. I'm just going to stay quiet about this as I don't have the nerves to ask her anything or else she might be screaming at me or something. I'll update this if she does something strange again.