I'm at a crossroad. (26M)

As you read in the title I am 26-years-old and I been suicidal since I was 14. I have many friends close friends that support me and I talk to them all the time about how I'm feeling. I get along with everyone i meet and i have a strong relationship with all my family. I was also "adopted" by my friends parents and treated exactly like family. I am lucky to have great friends and family. I can't shake the feeling of depression and my suicidal thoughts. 

After high school I joined the US Army back in 2007. I been to Iraq and Afghanistan and I been apart of road side bombings and fire fights. I got a purple heart for an IED explosion that broke three ribs, hairline fracture in my right femur and bulging disc in my L4 and L5. I became a Ranger after going to ranger school, i went to airborne school got my badge, i even went to air assault. I did all that to increase my odds of getting killed. I joined because I wanted to die and I did not wanna take my own life at this point. I am pretty sour that I lived through all of that now that im out of the army. I never tell people that I'm a veteran. i avoid it the best i can and when i do its only because i feel it might be beneficial to bring it up, like this post.

When I got state side I attempted suicide. I took a bunch of pain killers and alcohol. I was found by my roommate in the shower unconscious. I woke up in the hospital with no memory 2 days later. I was hospitalized for 3 weeks talking to medical staff helped. I was formally diagnosed with: PTSD, schizophrenia, Major Depression, and insomnia. I see my mental health and physical health doctor every month since i was med-boarded out of the army after 4.5 years of service. I attempted suicide 3 more times since then. I jumped off a building, I tried hanging myself, and i tried suffocation and every time i survived. It's been pissing me off. It's like im built do be a survivor. I attend a state college and im doing well in classes, I go because i'm bored. I also do a lot of hiking. I am a very active person. I am "normal" to everyone who meets me but they do not see how much pain i am in. i never had a girl friend but i been with plenty of women. I'm afraid to open up to women with my emotions. I think i will do another attempt soon because the holiday season is here and i become more depressed and alone.

All I'm saying is that even with all the support in the world at my side from family and friends i feel like I have nothing to life for.