Today was the father's day. I think I want to quit the job so to speak.

I am 27 years old male from Finland. I have two children. I have a relationship of 8 years behind me with the mother of my kids. That ended on march. I moved in with a female friend on purely platonic means. We fell in love and I was happy for the first time in a few years. Things went bad as soon as my kids were involved. Now what we have is an empty relationship. We live together for finacial reasons. She fucks her ex and thinks I don't know.A bit from my past. I have buried two friends who killed themselves when I was 18-19. My grandma died unexpectedly when I was 17.I joined the army/defence forces at 20 (mandatory in Finland). After 3 months in our captain picked me up from a combat training and told me my mother is in a hospital. She had tried to kill herself by ODing and was saved just barely as she was suffocating from her tongue blocking airflow.She was trying to heal but attempted it again during hospitalization.She's fine atm.At 22 I got married. The whole 5 years of marriage was a struggle against my wife's schitzo-affective disorder. She would fall into a deep phsycosis every time she'd get too upset. Those were bad. Hallucinating about me trying to kill her which led her trying to harm me etc and fucking dozens of suicide attempts over the five years. She's got fairly good meds atm.I lost my grandpa in 2011. I talked a friend out of the edge of a 8 story building in 2012.I am numbed by the idea of suicide. I am sick of it. I hate that I've gotten used to the idea of people close to me killing themselves. Even my current "partner" was suicidal prior to our little love story.The funny thing is, she was told by 3 different doctors that she can't have children. Now she's pregnant and its mine and we're breaking up sooner or later.I am not going to try and build a family for the third time. I am not interested in my future. I am getting treatment but it's just the usual bullshit 'think about your kids' ... Really? I dont need a fucking shrink to remind my of my offspring.I see my kids every other weekend. They have a step dad already. I am typing this on my phone straight from brainflow. So apologies for the inconsistency of thebtext. Ot grammar errors. It's 2am here. Today was the father's day.  I hated it. I dont like how this text is coming out but i guess it doesn't matter. I actually am fairly good writer but I lack the energy... I dunno. I dont want to see my future