So here I am laying in bed and thinkin about it..

I just got my maths exam back.. i fucked it up. My first and previous exam in english: also a fail. I have no one in life to talk to. No one here who will fully understand me. I tried with several nice people, who I thought thats someone I want to spend my life with. Hell, I lie to them. I lie to everybody. I aways act fake infront of my classmates. I act fake to everyone. Even my parents and other close people. No one has even a clue I am suicidal. I can get that smile up on my face pretty good so they dont realize whats wrong with me. I have nothing to live for. I come home from school, eat, then up I go to my room to watch a series. Thats what I do. On weekends I play on the computer for several hours. Chivalry medieval warfare and payday 2. Those are awesome games. I love playing them. I recently understood why I play games/watch series. Its my way to ignore bad thoughts as suicidal thoughts or general depressive thoughts. When I can I watch all day just to ignore those stupid fucking thoughts. I love watching series like elementary and Sherlock (B. Cumberbatch) I find those people inspiring. Their deductive work impresses me. And when you have ever seen before called shows you know what im talking about. I like what they do, how they do it. Im trying to do it myself a bit, being a detective. Its hard, hehe. I also love intelligently made drama series.
I have nothing in life. No one I could possibly be together. (Im just into women). I see people, watch them and then I know if i can do something with them and be happy. And I have found no one yet. I cant find anyone. There is maybe none in my near. It sucks. 
When I saw what grade I got on my maths exam, i literally died inside. Had 2 exams and failed both. Why? Im sitting on my desk when I have to learn and then i think. Meh, fuck it. Just fuck it and go watch a series. So I only focus on that series and forget that I actually have to learn. I just dont find motivation for it. 
My life sucks. Sociallife = zero. School = a fuck up. Lovelife = no one. 
So I am lying in bed and thinking about suicide, because I have nothing to live for.

Edit: Thank you. I appreciate your comments. Live goes on for me now. I have found too many things that are worth living for. Especially you, who wrote me a pm. It meant everything to me that exactly you cared when i felt fucked up. Again, thank you.

Small edit: formatting