I hate Birthdays

For me its an easy time to look back and remember the year...and I can remember evrything thats happened in the last year. I’ve never been a person who has a lot of friends, and birthdays shine a spotlight on that. The only person that text me was my dad. The last text messege is from my only friend about 3 weeks ago. We usually hang once a month...I dont think my phone has rang in over a month. 

Sence High school its been a slow five year plan thats lead me to the darkest spot in my life. Ive thought about killing myself sense the day I graduated High school five year ago...i just cant do it...an i cant wrap my head around the fact I cant even kill myself. For the past five years ive lost every single friend I had...i said fine, i really dont need people...and I love being by myself anyway. I tried to make the best of the situation I was in all the time. I worked out by myself, did homework by myself, got coffee, dinner, lunch, by myself. It was great for awhile, noone to bug me. Noone to pester me or tell me to do this or that. I did drugs by myself and would stay in on the weekends, i didnt care I would watch  good movie or read a book...paint a picture. I dont think i ever stopped getting enjoyment out of any of these things, but i found myself wanting friends or company. I got a cat. He couldnt say "no" if he didnt want to be my friend. Nothing changed. Its a same creeping feeling that comes back every once now and then. Its dark and horrible...Its depression. It has its bad days and its good days but it doesnt just go away, something difficult comes up and its a slow circle in my mind down to,"You should just kill youself so you dont have to put up with this shit" I dont think anyone gives a shit about me. My extended family, like aunts and uncles are...unique. But they really dont care. My uncle asks me what my major is and what I want to do with my life EVERYTIME he sees me...hes not senile or old. He just doesnt give a shit about me, to care or remember what im doing with my life. Not tthat I care about him...ha... Life is a big, complicated, messy, convoluted, twisted, extraordinary, trip. Theres so many things I really want to do. I really want to help people...id give everyone a place to stay, a home cooked meal, or a glass of water if I could get to them...I cant tho. I cant even make a friend...or keep a friend. Im so sad with myself I ccant be there for friends or family. In the end im hurting them becuase im a shitty son when im not happy, and now I think im selfish. I know theres a lot going on here...I figure we all have alot going on in our lifes....and it takes a while to realize other people out their have their own lifes with their own complicated feelings and situations. This is mine and i feel like im loosing it...