at least the breeze feels nice

whelp, time to type a damn life story on a shitty ipod.
lets start with the basics, im 16 and a guy. i grew up with the classic abusive father, and controling mother. i was always the scape goat for everything, i would guess narcicism, but im not the one to say. now, im in a catch 22 with death being the easiest way out, and usually i would say that it's a stupid way out, however looking out this window, i've got to say, i dont see anything wrong with it. i used to have a friend to help me through this stuff, she was the child of an abusive father and a loving mother, and she kept me sane for the most part until about a week ago. i had plans to play a pc game with a friend of mine on saturday, so on friday, i get word from my teacher breaking the rules that one of my close friends had died... okay, i think i can handle that. well long story short, i couldnt. that night, my friend, who helps me through this stuff isnt there. i tell her that i cant cry, but know i will end up doing it the next day, so i had the bright idea to have some alcohol while my mom wasnt looking to make the pain go away. i tell my friend this, and no response, so the next day while playing, she asks if she can join me, all i say is okay. About an hour in, i hit a brick wall, and know im about to break down and cry my eyes out. From what i know, that would be okay, excpet my mother had ways of stabbing me in the back with everything i do, so i mix some vodka and apple juice and chug the vile shit. Alright, i proceed to play league for 3 hours while slightly buzzed and about to have an emotional breakdown. Now its about 7 and i finished playing, i text her that i was buzzed while playing and she gets pissed in a way that i had never seen or heard before, expecting me to defend myself without breaking down and crying...
I knew i couldnt, so all i did was tell her "i told you for a reason", she blocks me, and is now breaking all ties with me because im a horrible person now. i would say that i can handle this, but i cant i have a thing about being ignored derived from being hit by my dad and my yells being ignored by my mom unless it was convenient for her to use it against him.its been slowly making me go insane throughout the week, and now i just told her through a friend that im here, so she blocked him, and im now being begged not to do anything when all i want to do is to stop existing. the second story window im sitting at looks so peaceful, ive spent the past hour now wondering if jumping would end it. my friends were my reason to live, and now one has been shot, another hates me, and the last one cares like the second one did, which just scares me, because at this point in my life literally, and I mean litterally  everybody i've ever trusted has stabbed me in the back. Somebody, just show me how to either make her forgive me for drinking, or show me that this isnt how the world works... that people are supposed to care, and that death isnt a better option than the next 4 years of my life.
TL:DR if your too lazy to read it than please get the fuck out.