I feel like it would be better for the world and it honestly wouldn't matter if I died.

On a newspaper article about my death, they wouldn't say, "But she was so beautiful. So talented, with so much potential" because I am neither of those things. The world loses nothing with my disappearance. 

Ever since college started, I feel like the inferiority complex that I've 
always had has just been exacerbated. I've done terribly on my midterms, despite spending hours and hours studying. With those midterms comes the death of my dreams, as the majors I'm interested in are extremely dependent on GPA for admission. I am a burden on my parents who are paying for my college because I am not getting good grades, so I almost feel like it would be better if I wasn't here, because they wouldn't have to worry about working so many extra hours to pay for my college tuition. They don't make me feel guilty about it, but I do. I will never contribute anything significant to the world, or make a positive impact anywhere. I'm just too untalented, stupid and useless. The only thing which I have any pride in is writing, but I'm not good enough at that to be successful. I wish I could be talented in science, mathematics or engineering. Writing is a dead-end for me. 

I feel trapped. I feel like everything that's bad about my situation right now is something that's inherently wrong with me. I've tried since middle school to be like everyone else, to be good at math and science, but I just can't. I'm not anything more than average, and it feels like if you aren't good at either of those things, and if you aren't especially talented in something else, then you're dead-ended for a career.

This is especially bad as pretty much the only thing I like about myself is my intelligence. My self-worth is pretty closely tied to my academic performance and if I can't be smart, then I'm honestly nothing. Everyone else I know seems to be having such an easy time with college and I am seriously the only one who is struggling this hard. I'm not an especially good or kind person. I have a shitty personality. I am not attractive or talented in any way. There's nothing really redeeming about me.

I feel like really, the only thing that's keeping me from killing myself is the pain that I'd bring to my family, who are seemingly the only people I'd really affect at this point. I don't have any close friends anymore. I tried talking to one of my friends about my suicidal thoughts, but she didn't think much of it and she changed the subject to something related to her. I have never been so close to suicide. My friends don't take what I say seriously, or they are uninterested in talking about it. My roommates do their best to pretend that I don't exist, and only interact with me when they have to. They are completely and utterly disinterested in me as a human being. I have never felt so alone. 

I don't know if I'm depressed. I don't feel that crushing lack of emotion that most people describe. I do feel a lot of despair, though. Most things are just distractions from the overall feeling of sadness that I have all the time. All of this is making everything worse as I'm feeling increasingly demotivated the more that my prospects for good grades this quarter get worse.

I don't know what I'm looking for out of posting this. I just feel like I have no one to talk to about this, and that no one really cares one way or another.