I feel like my life is going nowhere

I'm 24, and I know that's young. Saying that "I feel like my life is going nowhere" when my life "hasn't even begun yet" is terribly silly. But, I really don't see an upside to where my life is going at the moment.

Every day I go to work from 11 at night to 7 in the morning, I go to sleep around 9 AM and get up at 3 PM, then I basically just wait for work again. 

Sometimes I go to sleep again around 6:30 PM and get up at 10:00 at night.

It's a very easy job, I like the people I work with (mostly because I only see them at the beginning of my shift and at the end). Most of my job I just sit at a computer and check guests into rooms (I work at a hotel).

I have friends, it's not like I'm alone all the time. I know I'm *not*, but they don't know how to help. I know they go out of their way to try and do things that I might enjoy but I just don't know how to really find what makes me happy any more. It makes me feel terrible when I know they do something just for me and I don't fully enjoy it or show them that I am having fun.

I'm not constantly in a sad mood, I do laugh and smile on occasion but a majority of the time I'm just... there. I try to feign interest in things or try new things, but it's always the same. I always end up back to being uninterested in anything.

I've had depression since I was in High School, around 2005-2006 or so. At least that's when I was diagnosed with it. I've tried different anti-depressants here and there but I'm either never on them long enough to see a difference or I "snap out of it" long enough to stop needing them.

My depressive states come in strong waves. I can go a couple months without feeling depressed, but then all of the sudden I don't want to leave my bed or do things.

I'll often think about suicide, almost on a daily basis. Never anything too serious, I've only ever attempted suicide once. Most of the time it's just a "Oh, I could drive into oncoming traffic right now and that'd probably end it" or "I wonder how much weight this part of the ceiling can hold, so I can hang myself..."

Sometimes I'll go so far as to write a suicide note, but I'll usually go back and re-read what I've written and end up editing it to make it more grandiose or interesting (if someone is going to read the last thing I'll ever write, I'd want them to partially enjoy reading it). I might fill the note with some jokes or even funny stories, but after a while I start to get bored and just end up deleting the whole thing. 

I'm tired of not enjoying life.

It's getting awfully boring and repetitive. 