Families that are emotionally abusive but don't realize it

I've been in a low place lately. I get suicidal thoughts only because it seems like I'll be stuck in the same crappy situation forever, but I still am curious to see what life is gonna offer. 

My family feels very distant and it's affecting me badly, I feel like I'm left to fend for myself a lot of the times. Now, they're not bad people, but they're just not there for me and they think it's a normal thing. For example, when I'm visibly sad or depressed they only get upset because I'm ruining their day with my "grumpy mug". When I graduated from elementary/middle/high school none of my parents attended the ceremonies, nor do they know my birthday or care for it when I do remind them. They limit my potential and curse at me sometimes yet still expect me to obey them like a dog. Both of my parents seem to be not very social/lazy and don't have many friends that they care for so I'm assuming that they're trying to enforce that part of them on me whenever I try to break-off from it. Not to mention that what people think of them and the family name is on top of the list of concerns for them, which sucks the most. It makes it hard to look up to my parents when to me it seems that they're extremely lazy and don't wanna bother with life. 


I'm not allowed to go out whenever I want which limits A LOT of opportunities that i might be getting, including studying abroad or participating in events (I'm an aspiring artist). They're so close minded in that regard, they don't think art is gonna do me any good. Even though the things they do may seem small and irrelevant to them it's all adding up and in turn is affecting my personality and emotional health. I don't have a lot of confidence and I'm barely motivated because I immediately think of all the things that will get in the way because of my family that I can't change. Not to mention that I'm very socially awkward due to not being allowed to have many social experiences other than school or family gatherings. It hurts when I see people who are friends with their parents and knowing that I'll never come near to that, but instead my parents will only wreck me further.

Just before you suggest moving out, it's not an option. Moving out of your parents' house isn't a thing over here unless your family disowns you or you get married.
My life isn't horrible, and I still love my family. But they're limiting me in every way and it's getting really hard to try and motivate and build myself, it feels like i'm gonna end up as lifeless as them when I'm older.  

