Suicidally depressed and looking for someone to say things to me

Hi,    

I am 25 years old and I have had major depression and suicidal thoughts for most of my life (since my early teens).  I've never made an attempt yet I have thought about it at least weekly, and sometimes daily throughout this entire period.  This is approximately half of my life.      

What I am looking for is somebody to talk to about it.  Somebody who I can be blunt with and will not be offended by how I talk about it.  You can surely understand that how I view it and speak about it may be more frank than you are used to because of the length of time that I have dealt with it.         
   
Basically I am looking for somebody who is on the same "wavelength" so to speak, or at least *understands*.       
  
What I am not looking for:  I don't want any of the common suggestions:  seek help, be open with your family, do something you enjoy, etc.  Tried that shit.  Hasn't worked.  I've been through maybe 10+ counselors, a psychologist, and I am currently working with a psychiatrist.  Nothing.          

I still feel this way and think this way every day.  And I'm tired.  I just want it to be over.      

If somebody offered me a pill that would let me die instantly and painlessly right now I would take it without a second thought.  Doing so would be such a better option than doing the most enjoyable thing I can imagine that it would not even be a contest.  This is my mindset and I need somebody who is real and doesn't want to sugar coat shit because of my "fragile state."  I get it.  I've lived with it for as long as I can remember.  I don't need you to tell me to "just hang in there, it'll get better."  This shit is not getting better and hope is a thing that does not exist for me.        
     
I do not know if this is the right place for this kind of post, but if it is not could somebody please recommend me somewhere that I could find a person like this to speak with?  I tried posting something similar a little bit ago but it was removed (probably because I asked for PMs, didn't realize it was a no-no until after I'd posted - but I get why).          

So yes, I am a real person who really feels this way right now and I am interested in finding someone to talk with about it in real time (through text of course).  I realize that I cannot ask for that here directly now, but maybe somewhere else on the Internet there is a place where I could find someone who might be able to?  Any ideas / suggestions?               

I also have fairly thick skin and am aware of trolls and how to deal with them if I had to (in order to find somebody who would be upfront with me).  So yeah, I guess that's it.  Thanks, and I hope I did not break any rules this time.  It's not an enjoyable mind state guys, I'm really seeking affirmation at the very least.  And not expecting much more than someone who is real.     

In the meantime I'll just be sitting here hoping I die soon.           

Thanks            
