Boyfriend is feeling suicidal during one of the busiest weeks of my life. I'm so worried about him, but I don't know how to balance everything and I'm starting to burn out.

I'm involved in theatre at my uni and this week is our tech/hell week, so when I'm not in class or doing work, I'm rehearsing for hours a night. I'm managing well enough but it's been really stressful.

I would be fine, but last night my boyfriend started feeling really depressed because of financial issues and stress from school. As the night went on he felt worse and worse, and I tried to listen and talk with him as much as I could while I was at rehearsal. He told me he was really considering suicide as an option, but having me there helped him calm down and not hurt himself. I was so relieved that he chose to stay safe last night, but I'm still really worried about him.

Today started off on a not-so-good foot for me, and with all the stress of my week it just put me in a worse mood. This afternoon, he tells me we need to talk. He told me that he still hasn't fully recovered from last night and how he really needs me to be there for him and to take this seriously and empathize and be a friend. I was very confused because I thought that's what I had been doing. I vocalized that and how I'm trying my hardest to balance my work and rehearsals with being there for him as much as I possibly can, but all he kept saying was that he needs me to be there. At this point I got very confused and even more stressed, because I really didn't know I was doing anything wrong. As much as I wish I could just turn off all of my bad feelings, I can't. I'm giving as much as I can right now, but he needs more and I really, really don't know what to do. I am so worried about him, but I don't know how to balance giving him what he needs with the rest of the things I have going on this week.

I feel so guilty for not being able to give him what he needs from me, and I worry for his safety. I don't know what the best options are for myself or him right now. How can I help him the way he needs me to while still taking care of myself and my commitments at school?