Can someone please help

Hello, I'm new to reddit. I made this account so maybe someone could shed some light on me. I made this account for help. Since I have no one else to turn too. To start off, let's just say I'm sad. Really, really sad. I wake up every morning to say the same thing to my self. "What's the point." And each day I live to find the answer but there isn't one. It's hard to eat, sleep, walk, think, breathe. I feel numb. Just my brain itself. I feel like my feelings just become numb and I give up on myself. Obviously this makes me think about suicide. When I think about it, what does it matter? What effect does it have on anyone anyway. My grades in school aren't good. I actually try too. Other kids don't even put the effort and get straight A's. I actually focus and try at home but it still manages to bite me in the ass and pull up with C's. (If I'm lucky) It feels like life is a game and I'm the only player sometimes. Going through the constant struggle of beating the same level I played before. My family is weird. I can't talk to any of them. I've actually tried to tell them and they simply don't care, literally. And my parents don't even talk, acting like the over is invisible. For example my mothers birthday just passed. My dad didn't even say happy birthday. I didn't think it was that bad. They literally hate and regret marrying each other. They won't divorce cause of money and me and my brother. My brother always wants to be left alone. Being trapped in his room to do his own thing. I can never talk to him, and I can never go to him with a problem cause he just throws it back at me with no consideration. When ever I had a problem I would go to my girlfriend but sadly it ended 6 months ago. It's pathetic to say this but I still think of her everyday and like the fool I am I still love her. She's the only person I could say I truly love. It ended badly and feel regret and hate myself everyday. I've made stupid mistakes and incredibly sorry for everything I've done. So I know what your thinking. Go to your friends. Here's the thing. My friends are assholes. Toxic. Choosing a victim in the group everyday to pick on. And looks like I'm the lucky winner almost everyday. I can't make other friends cause I'm a really shy person. I became "friends" with them because one of them moved in next door and it grew from there. My panic attacks are crucial. Killer. They end me in a instant. Makes me feel so small and exposed. Worst part is. I can't talk to anyone about it. Just to get it off my chest. It a the worst feeling you can possibly go through, constantly feeling like there's no hope. Anxiety is my enemy and I'm always the loser. Freaking out on the inside with such good a mask no one can tell on the out. Something that would calm me down or at least help is baseball. I was pretty good at it too. But my arm shut out and can't even think about throwing thin air. So everything is taken away from me, and everyone isn't here. I've resorted to the pills in my dresser before but I guess it wasn't enough. Waiting, waiting and waiting for something to happen but nothing happened. I cried. Even before that I've tried to hang myself and failed. It's horrible thinking your good at nothing and you can't even successfully kill yourself. Not even killing yourself.....I've been planning for another good day for me to take the opportunity. I just need someone to help me.  And this is my last chance or hope to maybe someone could she's some light. Bring some life in me or maybe give me a full 180. Turn my life around. Sorry for the huge post, thank you for taking the time to read this. 