I think I'm in a bad place...

My story is all over the place. Recently, things have started to get super stressful. I just need some redditors to tell me I'm being stupid.

For the biggest burden, I just ended things with my best friend of the last three years. I can't get too specific, I know many redditors, and this is a throwaway. For that reason, we'll call this friend "Bridget".

Bridget and I have been best, and closest friends for the last three years. We met in freshman year, and we're currently entering our senior year of high school. Bridget got her first boyfriend at the end of last year, eventually driving us apart. This has, on it's own, turned me upside down and made me question a lot of things.

At this point, Bridget and I have had the "it's over" talk, and (at least) I know that we will never be close again. It was pretty much a breakup. We were together every day, and all day over the summers. This was very new for me. 

I met a new friend through a mutual friend (and his co-worker) named (again, not his real name) David. David and I hit it off really hard. We found that we were very similar, and really good for each other. David just found a new boyfriend (might I ironically add that both David and Bridget's boyfriends have the same name) and has since stopped having meaningful conversations with me. I've decided that this one is over as well.

The unfortunate part about Bridget, is that she and I are very involved in school clubs. Bridget cares only about her boyfriend, and not about what I'm trying to do. Bridget is above me in one of these clubs, and I do all of her work, and get no recognition for it, because she shows up in the end to look like she did the work.

Much more recently, we've been seeing a lot of presentations for graduation, choosing colleges, etc. It took me until now to realize that I was growing up, and it's been a day to day struggle of waking up in the morning to go to school. I'm tired of not knowing what I want to do, and it's been very hard to see myself continuing, and being alive to get the job or education that everyone is talking about.

Just to add onto everything, I lost my Grandma last year to a nasty fight with cancer. She was taken from us on the 18th of this month, I just don't know how much torture I can take this month. Is it even worth keeping this up?

Through all of this, I've struggled. I've relapsed, and started self harming. No one realizes that the scars are popping up and they're not questioning them, which I guess is good for me. --all of these stories have much more detail, please ask if you actually care.


It just feels like no one cares any more. No one sees that I'm struggling so hard. I understand that people have it much worse off, but by going to my school, this was supposed to end! I was supposed to end high school wanting to live! I wasn't supposed to want to end my life again! And who's even here to stop me anymore? Everyone is so caught up with other things, am I worth anyone's time?

I'm so tired of fighting this battle, it seems that I'll never win.

tl;dr my life is being ruined by people who hate me and I've never wanted to die more.