So, I just don't know anymore.

Ok, I'll try to keep this as concise as possible since I don't want to waste anybodies time. I have for a long time known that something was wrong, or different with me. I have never felt like i fit in this world. When I was younger, I was the kid that was the ghost of my school, other students didn't even know i was there, and even the teachers barely noticed me. I have never felt comfortable around groups of people. This lead to isolation, which made it even harder to be around people. Anyway, in my early teens, i became severely depressed and tried to kill myself 9 times, obviously failing each time. The failures only served to 1, depress me further, and 2, the manner of the failures, convinced me that there might be a god and that he would not allow me to end my suffering. After my last attempt, i gave up on trying to kill myself, with the knowledge that i was such a screw up i couldn't even end my own life. Very few people knew of any of my attempts, and none knew before i tried. I never wanted help, i truly wanted to die. My parents knew something was wrong, and had me seeing a therapist, but i was able to hide the feelings inside me, so i was misdiagnosed as bi polar, and had ADHD. Years of Ritalin, which i HATED, and the "therapy" taught me how to bury the desire to die so deep, i even managed to forget it for a long time. 
 Now, im 33 and i look at my few friends, some of them younger than me some of them older, all of them married, happy families etc. Meanwhile, i have had failed relationship after failed relationship. Then a little over 3 years ago I had one of the happiest moments of my life. I got to help deliver my beautiful angel of a daughter. Only to have that taken away when the mother of my child decided she couldn't be with me anymore, and she took my daughter with her. Anyway, that bright memory has been plowed under, by the uncaring, unforgiving state of Ga, who thinks that the mother is a better parent and that i should have to pay child support. So, and just to be clear, i have no problem paying child support, though i feel that the mother isn't the best for my child. Now, im lucky to get to see my daughter once every couple of months. 
  In the past year and a half i started smoking pot, because i found that i could be happy when i was high, and i could actually socialize with people to an extent. Then about a month ago, i lost my job. I've quit smoking pot, but my system isn't clean yet, so i cant get a real job and haven't been able to find any kind of work, because i basically have a nervous breakdown when i think of talking to people i don't know, or even calling to ask about a job. I have been trying to reach out to programs and organizations that exist to help people with child support orders, so i don't become homeless, and behind on my child support, but all of the programs require that i be behind on payments before they can help me. Now ive reached the point where the old desire to die is stronger that ever. I've reached the point where i cant see any hope. The only thing that has been keeping me alive these past weeks is my daughter. I love her more than i love myself, and don't want to do anything to hurt her, but with no hope for me, if i take my own life, she is young enough that i would fade into a distant memory as she grows up. I don't know where to turn, and every time i try to reach out to someone, im told "I don't care" or "It's not my problem". I've reached the point where im ready to take "my problems" to hell, which im pretty sure is where im headed anyway.