Trapped by existence

I have no will to live, life is simply tedious. I can't bring myself to kill myself, apart form being scared I don't want to upset my mother and leave my unborn child without a father. Despite this I think about jumping from the bridge in town, or finding a gun somehow, as those would at least be quick, I can't imagine hanging or bleeding out, I think they would be more traumatic than a few seconds of intense emotion and then nothing.

I've felt this way since being a teenager. I look at life and think, why would anyone want to do this? It's pure tedium, I am surrounded by idiots who run my life, my only worth to society is paying tax, I'm expected to go to a job I hate, until I'm so old I can't go anymore (like 70 is retiring age for me at present) or battle tooth and nail just to be able to do something fulfilling for pittance, I don't think I have the motivation fo that.

 This world is a horrible place, full of suffering, the systems we have force us to compete for no reason, and be corrupt and exploitative, because being nice won't get you paid, you have to compete, when it doesn't have to be like that, but some douches with wads of money keep it that way so they can live like emperors at other expense. Money permeates and sucks the joy out of every aspect of life and makes us all depressed yet people battle to maintain the status quo and shout down all dissent. Even buying some damn t shirts, all you can afford super cheap t shirts, you know someone in the 3rd world, worse off than you, has made that just to avoid starvation and you are also forced to exploit that cheapness to also avoid starvation.

Life isn't worth the effort, for a few brief moments of joy you must live a life of serfdom, if you aren't born with riches or the talents/motivation to get rich.

So everyday all I can think is "what's the point? might aswell just cash out, it's not like you will be around to see the fallout" and it would be so much easier, I mean, all I have to look forward to is the invetable collapse of society as we drive ourselves towards total oblivion, just so a few people can be rich, we eat the earth. So why wait? People are too fucking stupid to survive as a species so why should I stick around and watch?

So I flit from anger to despair, all the while feeling like every second I am alive is wasted, and is just a continuation of this torment, suffering and utter uttter tedium, sould draining tedium, to watch the world and current events unfold infront of you, as you have predicted them, marching ever onward, blind, towards the precipice of extinction. 

I feel trapped, like a prisoner in my own life, family and friends keep trying to help me get a career, that I don't want, the government regard me as cattle to fuel their oligarchy, people say "this will pass" What? The entire world will stop being shitty? All of a sudden people will stop being so irrational and idiotic? The few things I enjoy aren't really constructive, I have no marketable talent or skills, even if I did why would I want to market them? Are the only things that have worth, the things that make money? If so that makes me want out even more. 

So I keep thinking about that bridge. Keep thinking well hey, maybe it will be quick because there is nothing in this life except tedium and suffering. Then I despair because I can't, I have to stay alive for my family and especially my child, then I despair because I am trapped here, I can't end the suffering, then I think about the bridge again. I can't bring myself to it but it's always there in my mind. A way out. Like a loud flashy sign that you can't ignore, everpresent.

So I am here, typing, nobody has anything to say that could make me feel better but I don't know what else to do at 7 am, with no sleep, wishing I had never been born. I didn't ask to be born, I didn't want all this but I am forced to participate, I am coerced into living as a wage slave, and told that to not do so is lazy.

I am taking the pills, I am going to go to the talking therapy but how are they supposed to change everything? All they are there for is to make me functional enough to participate in a society I want no part of, I don't want to live and I haven't wanted to live for nearly 15 years. 15 years of this, constant, tedious bullshit. Everyone just expects you to want to go on with this, I don't think it's because I'm insane I think it's because I'm totally sane and I am powerless to truly enact global change.

This madness, it's pointless, I don't want any of this, I want to never have been born and to have known this torment, it physically hurts me, the weight in my chest, it feels like a black hole. I just want to close my eyes and never wake up.

Before I realised there is no god I used to pray to him to kill me, as a teenager, I used to cry and pray that I wouldn't wake up, because I don't want to do any of this bullshit anymore, forced through education, forced through life, forced into labour in order to eat to fuel a life that I don't want to live, I have never wanted to live.

I can't even describe the torment, and it's not just the things I have listed there are many contributing factors I am too tired to be completely coherent. I just want to rest. I am so tired.