Not sure where to turn, am I too late to live my life to the fullest? I feel like I just want to give up.(Forgive me if this is way too long.)

I'm using an alt because I really am unsure how anyone i know (if anyone I know knows my reddit account) would react if I told them I was thinking of suicide. That's partly the problem of *why I'm thinking of suicide but I'll get to that in a bit. 

I've always had this depression, even when i was a kid I had lingering sadness that I could not explain other than that I could not for the life of me find anything to latch on to to put me in a good mood. Sure I played the part but I rarely felt/feel happy. When I was 13 I was diagnosed with colitis, it was rough on me, and it followed me all through high school and into college until just this year I got my colon out because none of my meds would work. I cried the first time I finally recovered enough to a point where I even felt remotely as energetic as I used to be. Yes I had some problems with post op, but all was well. 

I'm struggling though because I've come to the realization that I sort of had my entire childhood ruined by this disease. It's made me think a lot about my mortality, and the reasons I have to live, and at 24 i feel like i missed out and am still missing out on so much, I feel like it's too late to start being the real me and it sucks...it's eaten into my drive to make a better living, or go to grad school, or even research grad school(s), and right now I've resorted to porn (and not even that good of porn) and beer (very recently I have this tremendous urge to just drink myself into oblivion, I'm not usually a drinker but this has already turned into one night of depression fueled drunkenness) to curb my sadness. I'm usually quite philosophical and I love thinking about things, but currently I have been using this part of myself simply to rationalize reasons why it wouldn't be so bad to kill myself. Hence Why I am here. 

I just want my ambition back, most of all I want my resillience. this is not like me to just to give up, I feel so alone, and the friends i do have I feel aren't going to understand if i show that I'm troubled, and I feel like I am losing touch with them more and more. Worse, is that I live with my parents and my sister, and while it's great to have a roof over my head it gives me no private time to just sit in silence and be in my mind so I can sort things out. I can't talk to my parents about this, because all they do is suggest a therapist, and I have one and am too afraid to talk to her about it for fear I might be put into a hospital. The only thing I want to do that might hurt me is drink, but that is only because when I drink I feel happy, I feel stupid enough to not give a shit about things, and it takes me away from my anxiety. 

I feel that, and when I'm driving are the only two times where I feel like i can be alone enough to sort things out.

I know I at least have my health now, I'm happy about my body and  about my health for the first time in at least 10 years. But for some reason that makes it worse to know that I'm 24, still living with my parents, I never went to a great college and I kind of feel like because I chose to commute because of my illness I chose the one I did for all the wrong reasons (I should have waited until I knew more about myself, I went to a religious college even though I am no where near religious, not judgmental or anything it was just some major cognitive dissonance, and after the fact I found out I love science, more importantly biology and computer science, but either one would be fine. Instead I went to school for art, although I love it I feel I should have double majored and I regret both my decision to go to that school and not something like Pitt PSU or IUP and my choice of major)

In short, I am one lost puppy. I feel like I'm in a game, and I'm at a level that I could beat easily had I just picked up one major item 2 levels prior, but I didn't and I can't restart because I haven't saved since I started, so it's either start over (kill myself) or keep playing and hope by some miracle I really dont need that item. but the truth is even in games I'm that type of player that is always saving, I can't fathom just playing through from beginning to end without exploring everything and exhausting all options.

I am relatively buddhist, and while I know it's irrational I sort of think that somehow when I die I'll be reincarnated, and that while I won't remember any of it consciousness isn't singular. 

I think I want to believe that more than I DO believe that, but still.

____________________
***Tl;dr*** although a lot of what I feel isn't too paraphrasable, I know this was long so I'll try to summarize. 

1.) I feel like colitis ruined my entire childhood, including my college years, and while my colon is out and I'm healthier than I've ever been I feel like I was robbed of being a normal child, and worse as a result, a functioning adult.

2.) While I've always had depression, this recent year of surgery has left me bereft of hope despite making me happier about my health than I've ever been. perhaps because of my good health, and how I now know good health feels like, I feel robbed of a great many good things in my life, including my ambition and drive to do better for myself which makes it sort of worse. 

3.) to add insult to injury, I chose a college close by and that my family liked rather than one I was comfortable with and that I felt would challenge me. So I ended up going to a private catholic school i feel didn't prepare me for enough outside of basic essentials, and as someone  who's non-religious, though obviously not judgemental, the cognative dissonance left me bitter and without many college friends. 

4.) as a result I find myself contemplating suicide, thinking about drinking myself into oblivion and/or searching for porn as an outlet for my depression, and it's turning into an addiction I feel like i can't stop on my own (edit:// the alcohol has just started so when I say addiction I mean more searching for porn than alcohol but I'm afraid the alcohol might be the next thing.) 

***5.) I just want my ambition and hope back, most of all I want to feel like I have the rest of my life ahead of me, instead of like the quarter century I've lived has been robbed from me by an illness.***