Thinking of disappearing

I dont know where to start.. I have hard time putting my thoughts into words anyway.

I feel like i have no goal in my life, or any chance of being a productive member of society.

Im 27 years old, married and no kids.

When i was in school from ages 6-16 i was bullied a lot. I was very insecure and people could sense it. I lost a tooth in one 'fight' where a person came from behind me and punched me and ran. Teachers saw it, no one did shit, there was blood all over my clothes too. That was almost a daily occurrence. Suicide was daily thought but i got over it.

At the peak of my depression, when i was ready to act on it at age of 19, i got a call that i got a considerable sum in my bank account due to my mother not receiving child support all my childhood.. it got paid back half. no wonder i couldnt afford any clothes or school stuff when i was young.

Well, i got used by a member of my family and did not use any of the money on myself, i used it all on my nephews because they were neglected, the same way i was when i was young. So i wanted them to have a good life for a little while and then i would be ready to go. This period of my life left a 5 year unemployment mark on my record.

If suicide only were that easy, i always found an excuse not to do it, i did not want my neighbor to get in trouble if i blew my head off with his gun, i did not want my parents to have to clean the stench of death from their car or have to keep paying for a car that is twisted around a truck.
I did not want to cause emotional stress to a truck driver or a train driver. I did not want my dad to feel guilty if i took all of his sleeping pills.

The way i wanted to go was in an 'accident' or death by robbery (cop? as i said im not going to traumatise anyone because of me)

I kept reading the news and hear about the worst places to hang around, when ever i felt depressed i would go outside to the worst neighborhoods hoping to get robbed or mugged, but instead put up a fight and go down that way as in not to look like a suicide, yeah i know its far fetched. I was young

I got over that as well.

But its coming back..

The last thing that broke the camels back is. When i was in working condition, i did my job outstanding but got bullied by my lazy coworkers, even assaulted. Nothing came from that either, seems like people dont change. 

Then i had an accident right before i was supposed to be made full time, my condition did not show any sympthoms at first but my boss used the excuse that other department were getting laid off so i cant be full time. 

Im not going to go into details about my disability, but it is so rare my doctor is afraid to make any statements if it makes me ineligible to work or shit like that, since only 130 people by 2008 has had it reported worldwide.

Right now i am unemployed, getting grilled by the working agency. The disability i have makes me go to surgery every 4-6 months, with 2 months of me being incapacitated to use my other arm, due to fear the disease/tumor might spread if i use it. It is not fatal sadly. That is 4-6 months a year that i cant do anything. Still im obligated to look for a job and burn bridges "oh, you have that problem? sorry we cant hire you" Ive about burned all the job prospects

I thought everything was going tolerable, but then i got hit with 800 coin bills from last year when i was working, due to my boss filing my tax % wrong, or just me fucking it up, i dont know.

This month i cannot pay my rent, my electricity, my hospital bills, my dad already helped me a lot so i feel really guilty of asking his help, he is not a rich man and has done an outstanding job already, it kills me to see him scrape his bottom of the wallet to help a failure like me.

I know i keep jumping around on subjects, i did everything i could for my friends when they needed me. Now when i was gone for a while, everyone seems to be ignoring me, or conversation dies down when they see me, i really do not understand how people change so much. I presume my friends gf started spreading false rumors while i was gone, since she tried to hit on me once. Nobody will say anything to my face.
I also feel like people only call me if i can do something for them, like give them a ride, or some other benefit. I rarely gain anything from this. I try to be friendly but friends i've known since i was 6 just ignore me. They litter and treat like they are better than janitors or other people, they badmouth people, i always comment on that but it wasnt like this before, i dont know how they changed so much.. makes me lose hope in people.


Im not sure if this is allowed here, i dont want to give anyone ideas, i was thinking of going into the forest when its really cold, downing a few bottles of hard liquor and just sleeping away. In pretext of camping, this way no one is there to ask 'why' or blame themselves and i can finally be without worries. Im afraid what will happen, but if its anything like anesthesia, i will not have any worries of death when i close my eyes.

I dont even know what im trying to accomplish with this, i just wanted to rant this out, maybe this will pass like with other times. I will not take any anti-depressants, i've seen people getting fucked by them. I will not go to a doctor since i would just be put into a psych ward.. I've visited a friend who got put there for a lot less and abused. Im afraid if i got there i might hurt someone, im not a violent person so doing that would make me want to kill myself even more. 

Thanks for listening. Yes i've exhausted all the help i can, there is none. I tried talking with my wife, she takes it like a personal attack when i talk about my worries, so i dont.

edit: I have lost friends to suicide or accidents, i know the mantra perfectly well 'think of the others' If there is no longer 'others' to think about, whats the point.