When everything is meant to be broken, I just want you to know who I am.

I'm tired....and i think i started one other post like this, but for once in my life i'm being honest. I don't know what it is about this site, but i can actually tell the truth here. It's weird but oddly comforting. The only other place i felt this way about was that TalkLife app. 
Anyways. I guess this is just another one of my rants. I'm having a low day and i just, i'm itching for the pain. Ya know? I promised myself i wouldn't go back to doing that certain thing, but i wish i didn't have to make promises like that. I wish i wouldn't feel guilty hiding in the bathroom with a razor. I wish i didn't feel like a freak because it seems that no else understands or does what i do. I just wish i didn't feel like this anymore! So alone. Screaming and crying and yet everyone is just walking by.
It's almost every other day that i receive one of those sighs from my family or from my friends. That drawn out 'i'm tired of this crap' sigh that just pushes me closer and closer to the edge. If i'm gone they don't sigh anymore....right? One less mouth to feed. One less mess to clean up. One less life that's worthless.
I regret almost everything. There are those parts of my life where i think i actually made a difference. That i was important for once or where i might have made a difference. But those moments are so few that they are practically non-existent. 
Turning to therapy is even worse. They say you'll get better and yet it makes me feel even worse. They don't know how i feel! So they read a couple of books and pass a few tests in college and suddenly they know what its like to feel depressed? How it feels to want to slice into your own skin because it reminds me that i'm actually alive? To cry for every small thing because you've held so many tears back that it feels like there is a dam inside of you about to break? To see this life as a hassle and not a gift? 
I crave the pain. The blade. I want to know i'm here. 
I'm tired. Tired of eggshells i have to step around. Tired of wanting to die. Tired of wanting someone to listen because why should they have to listen to my own problems? Why can't i fix myself? Why!?!?! Why for everything!? Just why....