No more

Just fuck it. Just fuck this life and world I'm in. There's only so much someone can take, especially someone who is mentally weak like me. I am constant pawn in everyone's game but I'm not strong enough to leave the game. Anytime I think "no, let's take a risk" it backfires in spectacular fashion. I have always been prone to depression and have had suicidal thoughts for years, along with some (admittedly) weak attempts.

But the reason I feel like this now again is because most recently I switched jobs (a few months) and it's a nightmare in all aspects. One second everything is fine there and then the rug is pulled from under me the next second all the time. I start feeling accepted and go home happy, but I come in the next day and it's it like it never happened. I am once again the pariah for no reason I can work out. I am an outcast with no way in, and feel like I've been found guilty and sentenced without being told why.

I am not being taught anything for their selfish reasons and office politics, rather than just their bewildering distaste of me. Yet her I am. Too afraid to upset anyone, too afraid to speak and too afraid to take anymore risks. So when anyone in my office talks to me I smile and am civil so they think nothing is wrong. I make my own problems worse but I can't do anything to stop it. I'm not angry, violent or even sad now. I'm just a lost cause.

I do have a supportive family and friends but I can't share anything like this and my past problems with them. I can't burden them with this too. And even if I did talk to them, what good will that do? They can be supportive while they hear me out but I will still then have to go back into that seat, into that office and it all starts again, being reminded what a useless bag of skin I am.

I just feel lost and nowhere to turn. Religion is something that is meant to help give people a meaning, or find comfort in. I have gone the opposite direction and feel more distant for my faith than ever. Even then, I can't just pray for things to be nice. If I was being looked out for then I wouldn't be in this situation, I'd have the strength to deal with it.

I'm basically stuck in this vicious cycle. I've never found a way out. Anytime things look up, the fall is pretty spectacular. It would probably be easier for everyone if I just wan't around. Sure I'd feel guilty for what my actions will do to my family but in the long run I'm sure they'll perhaps be glad.

**Edit: This was longer than I thought (as you can tell, I was just rambling). Thank you to everyone who did take time to read it.**