Nobody cares about who I am on the inside if I'm a male virgin.

This is a partial crosspost from another subreddit I frequent focused on depression, but I'm absolutely in a free fall of self-hate and self-harm right now, so I'm gonna say fuck it and post it here too.

I was thinking about giving OkCupid another try after a failed date and letting my profile sit for about a year, so I went over to the OkCupid subreddit. I started reading what they said about a variety of topics, and I ended up getting on the topic of male virginity. Boy, what a fucking mistake. In particular, it was a two-year old topic about this 29-year-old virgin who went on a date with a girl. The topic of virginity came up, and the girl rather tactlessly explained that she wasn't interested in being someone's teacher, and that it would be a big issue with her.

I should have known that type of discussion would do nothing but upset me, but I said fuck it and scrolled down the comments anyway. And the harsh reality came out. People view guy virgins as weirdos and failures. The only way you can deal with it is by lying or buying a prostitute. Not just men, even women saying that it was a red flag or even a dealbreaker for them. People like my therapist or my friends or even kind strangers will tell me it doesn't matter, but when people are candid, they'll reveal that they fucking hate me.

I have not indulged in self-harm for a while, but I am not ashamed to say that I gave myself a few good hits to the face. I don't cut, I don't like leaving obvious marks because my workplace's dress code enforces short-sleeve shirts. My depression and anxiety brimmed over and I honestly just felt like I deserved to be hit in the face.

This is the reality of it. This is what people really think when they're given online anonymity. I know I'm still twenty, but I also know that nothing is going to change in nine years, nothing. It doesn't matter what pros I bring to the table, what my interests are, how good of a person I am, how I always try to do right by my family and friends, how I always try to be charitable and understanding to strangers, how I always try to keep a smile on my face even when my depression is killing me. Because I've never stuck my dick in a pussy, I'm completely worthless and disgusting to women.

I feel like these people hate me because of something I can't even help. I try so hard to be a good person, I volunteer in my community, I take on extra tasks at work just to help people out, I keep myself educated and try to eat well, I do the best I fucking can. But sexual inexperience? Nope, fuck off, get away, you're a freak. I can't fucking stand myself right now.