I just don't want to do this anymore (long rant)

I'm not exactly sure where to post this but I figured this would be a good start. I'm so depressed and want to die. I also know I'm too weak to actually go through with it. I hate myself and my life. I hate myself because of how bad I've screwed up my life. I ve thought of different ways to kill myself and which would actually work. I've thought of overdosing on pills, I've thought of using a gun but I can't afford one. Honestly I'm hanging on by a thread. No one really knows me. People say they care about me but if they knew the true me they wouldn't. Alot of people know alot about me and some people know a little about me but no one knows everything. My ex wife knows the most but part of the problem is how much I miss her and how horrible I feel for what I did. She doesn't know how depressed I am and that I want to die. She doesn't know how bad I feel about things because she wouldn't believe me any way. My current gf knows alot less than the ex because I can't tell her how I truly feel. She has her own problems. We are struggling financially and I am scared we are going to get evicted. I have tried to get us help and to be honest we have gotten some but welfare or section 8 or anything like that refuses to help. They say we make too much but if that was true we wouldnt be so far behind. It's not like we are out wasting money. Every penny we make goes to bills like car, utilities, rent and food. We have no savings and just can't afford everything. The major reason I don't kill myself is because of her. I'm afraid she will leave me though and I'll be homeless and that's when I plan to go through with things. That's why I say I'm hanging on to a thread. Once we lose the house and she leaves me I'm done. I cry whenever I am alone. I am a total fuck up and everything I have done in life has been worse than the last. I keep getting in worse relationships, keep making mistakes, etc. I just don't feel like I can do anything right. I've been to therapy and it was good but I didn't even tell her everything and of course we can't afford that any more either. I am using my real account because I just don't care. I know this was a long rant but I just needed to type it out. 