My suicide note

Nothing turned out how I wanted. No one listens to me. Everything sucks and is grey and empty. I'm not happy even though I try. And I'm sick of trying. I don't wanna try and fix it anymore. I don't believe that happiness exists. Everyone is struggling with something. Why struggle? The world is over populated anyways. I'm saddled with debt and I haven't even started my life yet. I'm gay and I have to re closet with family. I can't "act gay". Sorry for fucking being myself. But you all can be assholes with no insistence to closet that. Even though it hurts people. 

I can't feel much anymore. It's all an act. Every time I feel awful people try to help me feel better instead of just listening. Which is all I really need. But no one does. All my staff friends would report it higher and intervene. No one would listen. Everyone tried to fix.
 
Suicide is seen as diseased and abnormal. Really I think it's just a part of the human condition. Everyone ends up here at some point. But some make it through and come out a little more desensitized to the pain of living. I think I was desensitized a long time ago, but too much so. Now I feel so little that I wanna feel again but I'm also afraid to. 
You know what, I accept it. My head it sick. I'm fucked up. I lie. I manipulate. I twist and steal and stab and cry. Too much. I'm not even me at this point  it's such an act. I don't know who I am anymore. No one let me be me. 

Mom and dad you can go suck cock in hell. What a fucked up job of parenting. I know you like [older sister] more. You favor her so much and let me struggle in the background. Fuck you. 

[Older sister], you're a douchebag. Stop being such a bitch. You hurt people. 

[Younger sister and brother], thank you for not being fucking twats. You're good kids. And I'm sorry that I'm going to hurt you with my death. 

[Partner], I'm sorry that I've lied the past few months. I haven't been getting better. But everything else I've said to you is real. I do love you. I don't want to hurt you. But I see no better way. 

[Boss A], you're an angel. 

[Boss B], if you weren't such a dick maybe you could have saved me. Learn to fucking listen and stop intervening in everything. 

[Staff] team, I'm sorry. You're all amazing but I couldn't trust any of you not to go to [Boss B] or [Boss A] with this. 

Fuck off nursing school. 

Fuck off [my employees]. You're all annoying and in my fucking way.

[Therapist], I stopped being able to trust you. You're too tied in with [Boss B]. 

Mental health system- where am I supposed to go for help, without fear of being thrown to the institutional wolves? I've worked in [local mental hospital]. I know how you treat crazy. You don't. You cordon it off and poke at it with sticks. Why not ask me what I need? 

But you all haven't learned from any of your experiences with suicide, have you? None of your training? None of the articles or your own contemplation or studies or talkdowns? Maybe because we all cover it up. Maybe we're all as manipulative as me. 
