Why am I seemingly perpetually unhappy?

To preface: I am not suicidal, in fact the thought of suicide makes my stomach turn itself upside down. That being said I feel like what I am feeling may be common in these parts and I just need some people to talk to or just give advice or something.

I have a beautiful amazing girlfriend of a year, things are not perfect, but no relationship will ever be. She is the first to accept me for who I am and not what I have or how perfect I am. I told myself years ago when I met the girl that gave me a chance like she has I would give her the world. I'm 20.

When I was 19 I was fortunate to buy my dream car... not really sure how it happened but I had been and still am working my ass of while I'm in school.

I've also been fortunate not to have to take loans out for school yet... feels nice, should be in a good financial position.

My job is awesome, nice people, great environment and awesome for work experience on my resume.

All these things should make me happy... but inside I am dying. I feel like whatever makes up my soul is slowly withering away.

I have no friends, nobody to talk to outside of my girl and the 3 people in my family that live with me... not that I really enjoy talking to them anyway. I dont really have the opportunity to make friends either... community college, busy work schedule.. eh. Never been to parties since highschool, never had fun like college was described to me when I was in highschool.

I was bullied pretty terribly through my first 3 years of highschool... I've moved on but my self confidence and self esteem can be shitty as fuck. I feel like a loser sometimes... never was cool or popular. I see a movie where the popular people "win" and it just makes me sad because I'll never be the cool guy.

Overall I am just :( all the time. Nothing seems to make me happy. and my :( all the time can turn me into a jerk sometimes. I'm unsure of what to do, I feel like the part that makes me the unique human being that I am is turning to dust... What to do?