Just waiting until my obligations/responsibilities are over; taking longer than I hoped; resigned but not an imminent thing.

So here's the deal.  I've been pretty set on suicide for a couple years now.  However, I have a couple responsibilities that I must follow to completion so that I can take my leave without causing undue disruption or grief.

I've been fixing up my house, trying to get it to the point where it will sell for what is owed.  Doing as much labor myself as I can.  Until a new job earlier this year, I was steadily losing money each month and would have hit bankrupt around May, but a better salary has flattened things out.  Work is ok, job is a job.  

I stopped uncontrollably sobbing on a daily basis a couple years back (this is after my boy dog died of cancer and I got divorced).  Had checked myself into the hospital for a while.  Realized that my meaning was to take care of my other dog (very old now, half german shepherd at 14, takes daily care and love and I lavish both on the dog).  I have to keep the house while the dog is around as it is the only place she knows as home.  And everything is ground level.  Speaking of which I closed off the 2nd floor of the house as I had no use for it and the dog, though not generally affectionate, stays near me and is nowhere near being able to do stairs.  Cleaned up/donated/recycled most belongings.  That was a lot of work.

My mother has extensive brain damage and is confined to a permanent hell of half understanding, no new memories, jail sentence in a nursing home for life.  My father is doing pretty well, had a rough patch but is ok.  My dog is getting older by the day, and though happy as hell, is starting to get old fast and the ailments that go along.

So it will break my heart, but when my puppy girl heads out, my plan is to as well.  Problem is that my dad still cares and I'm reluctant to inflict pain.  

Suffering is a form of meaning, learned that reading Frankl while being prodded with a flashlight every 15 minutes and having no shoelaces.

So, I guess that could keep me going.  But honestly the only reason I'm around is the above and that I'm medicated to hell.  I can't feel happy or sad, motivated, appreciative, and the only thing I had going for me, a reasonably functional level of intelligence, is getting wiped out by medication to the point where I have to spend all of my nights finishing the work I should be able to knock out in half of a day on the job.  The only thing I take time out for is to spend with my dog -- I wish I had when my boy was around, and I'm not making the same mistake twice.

So here I am.  Stuck, love my dog to hell and back, fearing what will come and not wanting to go through that again.  

My only real wish, which I've written down in a safe place, is that I want to have my puppies in my arms forever.

Everything is worked out, the waiting is hard.  I don't think I'll make it past the dog part.  I'm hoping if I make it to 2 full years on my current life insurance I'll be past the suicide clause regardless of whether I talk about it or not.

I wonder if this is a normal or abnormal case.


ninja edit:  maybe the climate here in the northwest US is a factor -- no joke -- perhaps I should consider moving and starting over.