The Perennial Outsider

I am not sure why I post. Nothing will happen.  My life will continue to get worse.

I am a living embodiment of the sunken cost fallacy. So much effort, time, encouragement, money, all for nothing. I am no one; I am nothing.

I can share a sentiment with someone, but they still laugh at me.  Like my status invalidates the opinion, because for me, I'm just a loser loner. I am, but not by choice. I get mocked as if it is, but when I reach out, I am met with pity, not another hand, not a connection, not a touch. I am a pitiable person, in perfect shape, only because I haven't gotten a good night's sleep in years. I dress well, but it doesn't matter, because I'm short. Everything I do has some strange reason why it won't work. Why my efforts fail me, when they do not fail others.

It's like I'm missing some intrinsic piece of the puzzle, and now just have to bumble around, the butt of the joke when noticed, usually not. I don't even really see the point anymore; I didn't realize, until I moved to this latest city, just how much people climb on each other. I thought it would be different in a "liberal" place, but it's actually a bit worse, just with some better laws in place.

No matter what, I am an outsider. Too frumpy, too formal, too short, too quiet, too overbearing, too anxious, too boring, too ugly, too insecure, too confident. Too into something, too oblivious to something. Too personal, too informal. Doesn't matter. Always wrong. Always the butt of the joke, always laughed at, always excluded, always shoved to the side; never touched, not in the last decade.  I get laughed at even by family when I point this out.  I stopped being a human several years back.

I need to die. The floor just fell out, last night, on Halloween. Another day, trying to find someone to hang out with, people not telling me about their plans because they know I don't have any, not about to invite me. That's every social situation. Everything you're supposed to do to meet people just leaves me empty-handed, frustrated, and jealous.  It takes weeks of meditation to get over it, then I'm back at square one and it happens again. It's the only thing that happens; especially when I think it won't, when I lie to myself and stoke the last embers of hope, now grey ash. I'm throwing in the towel. Too much effort, nothing to show but pain and wasted time.  Anyone have any good video game or ice cream suggestions?  Stick a fork in me, I'm going landwhale, fuck it, fuck everything, I give up, this planet sucks.