I don't know how much time I can go on...

It's very hard for me to write this. 

I don't want to be like this. But I just feel like it's not worth trying any more. 

I had a few things that actually made me think I enjoy life. But I can't find pleasure in them any more. Music just doesn't relate to me any more, all movies just seem dull and boring. 

The only thing that keeps me going is my job which has shitty hours, shitty pay, but at least it makes me socialize with people. But I'm starting to hate the job also.

I'm older now, I'm 24, but still as lonely as ever. That's the main problem... and I don't see why I should try any more. It just seems like I try for nothing, I don't get anything in return. I can't tell anybody how bad I feel, and even when by mistake or as a cry for help I share more than I should with people, I get the standard responses- either I don't know anything about depression or that I should be "more happy" and "live in the moment" and stuff like that. 


I'm just tired of feeling alone. I really try to improve this. I struggle to be positive, friendly, to do the "right" thing in hopes that somebody will notice that I'm good enough... 

Yet I feel like I try in vain. I feel like I'm not good enough. I feel rejected, I am rejected, I'm still lonely. I feel lost. 


I fantasize about suicide because for me it's the end of pain, of constant pain and mystery and loneliness. Suicide, or the thought of suicide is the only thing that calms me down. Knowing that I can end it all helps me somehow. And yet I don't want to do it. I want to be better, I want to be happy, I try to improve, I try to do my job as best as I can do, I try to be a good person, I tried and I tried and I got nothing.

So here I am. In a place I hoped I will never get to. Feeling like a little bitch because of another series of rejections and of disappointment. And I'm asking myself if i should go on. I literally ran out of reasons to do so. I see only one end in sight, a road I don't want to take.

But don't worry about me. I'll keep going. I just needed to get it off my chest. I'll seek professional help in the hopes that it will improve me somehow.  Hope it does....  