I just can't take the little things anymore

I have a son, who's 19 months old. I love him dearly. I lived at home with my parents. Or rather, did live at home with my parents. A couple weeks ago they left to live in Florida. They left myself and two siblings our house. I have no job, and I can't get one because I have to be the stay at home mom for my two siblings and son. My mom just abandoned me and left me without a way to pay for food, clothing, rent. My brother and sister are 20 and 24. They don't have a license, they don't have any sort of life skills at all. I'm left to do everything. Cook, clean, shop, and be a taxi service to my siblings, pay the bills because they don't know how to write a check, etc. My sons father is my fiance. We can't live together because of his distance to work. He just quit that job because they didn't pay him what they owed him. He's had the job a couple months. Before that he hadn't had steady work for over 8 months. We've just been barely scraping by. Rent is due tomorrow and my brother and sister can't cover their share so I have to pay for them as well. They don't have the money for gas, even though they're the only ones who use the car. I have to do that too. I don't have that. I have 280$ to my name. We have little food. 


I literally do everything for everyone. My mom just abandoned me to look after her two kids, because she didn't want to anymore. They don't listen to me because I'm not their mom. She won't listen to me because its not her problem anymore. I haven't had a single day to myself in well over two years. I cry nearly every day. I ask for help nearly every day. No one will help me. I'm tired of the way my fiance treats me, and acts like everything is my fault. I'm tired of the way everyone treats me. My entire life exists to take care of other people. I can't even take care of myself. When my son screams I just can't take it anymore. I don't want to be mommy to grown adults. I don't want my life to revolve around everyone else. I can't say no. I have no where to go. I have no friends, no support. I just can't take it anymore. I'm so tired of having no life. I love my son, and he's the only reason I keep going. If I go, he won't have anyone. His father is rarely here, and when he is I still have to do all the work. He's hardly a father figure, other than I know he loves our son. He wouldn't drop everything to take care of him like I have, and he's even joked "If i had to take care of our son, i'd kill myself, haha"  I just can't be happy. I can't win. I can't live.