If the pain is too great, for too long, death only makes sense

It's a simple equation.

You don't get to talk about this in real life.  You have to pretend everything is at least OK; people pretend to care, but if you really open up they get a bit shocked and slowly back away. It might take a week or so, but they'll pull out. They act like you just need to "chin up" and understand the world like them.  Like everyone stands on a bridge and debates jumping.

If you don't get human connections, if you don't get human touch, if other people scowl at you for simply looking in their direction, you have no reason to live. If you have no reason to live, upkeep becomes something beyond tedium, relentless depressing days, endless weeks of nothing but pain, absolutely nothing else. No one can relate, other people get these things, they laugh about them, they laugh to your face, because it's so easy to get these things, that you're clearly just not trying or something. Like you want it this way. You get banned from subs, you get shunned from groups, you don't have a SO, you're not allowed here.  It's not said, everything else is though, a picture is painted, you set to the side.

So I stand here.  I will go try to interact with people, no connections will be made. I'll get told "well at least you tried," which at this point makes me hate that person. It makes me think of my old therapist, who was like that, no actual advice, no real support, just "keep going, I care."  I don't, I want to be touched. I want to experience physical intimacy again, I want a deep conversation as well, but not only. So many people take these things for granted, it doesn't matter, nothing does, nothing will change, I am ugly, I am anxious, I am not worthy of love so says every woman I have ever met, period.  There is always a better man.   I need to die.  I need to kill myself, it is set in stone. you even say these things and most women will pull out a knife and start carving you up.  It's like no matter what, these truths can not be spoken because of what they reveal about human relations on the most fundamental and intimate level - just how unequal we are.

If life is only pain, actual, physical, psychosomatic pain churning your insides, death only makes sense.  I can have everything in common with the people around me, I can try to reach them, I can reach out, take care of myself, do everything in my power, it is not enough, it will never be, they'd rather go to a bar and have sex with a stranger then talk to me on Monday. What does that say about me?  That my peers would rather have sex with people they don't know than me.  That they'd rather meet strangers than me. I need to die.  Humans need connections, you can't have a friendship with yourself. You can't just love yourself, not like that, in in that way. 