Suicide is cheaper than therapy

I've been struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts for the last four years. Started in high school, around sophomore year, I think. I don't know why it started. I used to be this incredibly smart kid. I was way beyond my peers in first grade in almost every academic sense, and I was way more mature than kids my age. My parents were good to me, I loved my two little sisters and older brother, and things were fine. Then one day I just wasn't able to summon the motivation to do things anymore. I developed a flippant attitude towards my future, and my grades plummeted. My mom looked through my phone one day and saw I was sending suicidal text messages to my now ex-boyfriend, so she freaked and immediately sent me to a therapist. The therapist helped some.
 
Eventually I dropped out of high school, got my GED, and immediately moved two hours away to study programming at a college there. I never finished. I couldn't learn. It's like I had a wall in my mind that prevented me from learning anything. This was extremely discouraging, since I desperately wanted to learn but couldn't summon the motivation to do much. I turned in assignments late or not at all. Eventually I stopped going to classes altogether. Each semester I'd steel myself, tell myself I would do better this time. I'd successfully go to class every day for a few weeks, stay on top of my homework, then I'd start to slip again. I tried to use the school's counseling and grief center, but was told I'd have to wait at least three months to see someone, so I didn't bother. It felt pointless. At this point I was living on my own and working a full time job, going to only a few classes each semester. Eventually I gave up on college altogether and dropped out. I would spend days curled up in my basement apartment in bed, crying and sleeping and sitting around the house, staring at the wall and feeling hopeless and alone. 

Fast forward three years. I moved to another state (because Montana is a terrible place for the artistically or technologically inclined). I've come close to attempting suicide three different times at the beginning of this year. I work full time and still live alone. I have enough money to pay my bills, but no extra money to set aside. I haven't bought actual groceries for myself since I moved here. I just get a few small things here and there or eat the samples at the wholesale warehouse I work at. I was in a relationship with a wonderful guy for a year after I moved here, and he proposed to me, and I said yes. I ended up ending things after doing some hard thinking and realizing that certain issues we had weren't going to magically be resolved by marrying each other. This is what set off the latest bout of suicidal thoughts. I know leaving him was the best thing to do for myself, but it's been so hard. I've wanted to get help for a long time, but I just can't afford it. My bank account is usually empty. The state won't allow me to have health care, welfare, or food stamps because I have no children. I won't be able to get health insurance from my job until next July.

This has been affecting my second job severely. I've always been an artist, ever since I was a child. I draw characters and design book covers for people online. I used to love drawing and I used to do it every single day. Now I dread it and can't seem to dredge up the motivation or the ideas to do it very much anymore. I still have a list of people that are waiting on me to finish what they paid for. I need to do more commissions, so I can have that extra money I need, but it's been essentially impossible lately. The only thing that has seemed to help recently is getting stoned on the weekends. When I get stoned, I draw like crazy. I can't stop. I want to draw all the ideas that come flooding out of my head, and I want to finish them all. I have motivation, I have creativity, and I can forget all the things that bother me. I want to be an animator or character design artist for Disney or Pixar one day.

I feel like there is no one I can reach out to about this. I'm scared to tell my family members, because I'm worried that they'll freak out and call the cops or something. I only have one friend, who lives back in Montana. She's my best friend and art buddy and I miss her every single day. I miss drawing with her all the time. We talk on the phone frequently, but I've never told her that I'm suicidal. I don't want to scare her or freak her out. 
I've never been good at socializing or making friends, and lately, I just want to be alone and not talk to anyone. The only thing that's really kept me from killing myself yet is my two cats. I've had them since they were both two weeks old, and I adore them. I can't imagine what would happen to them if I was gone. There have been plenty of times where I gave up food for myself so they could eat instead. 
My uncle committed suicide when I was 6 or so, and I remember coming into the kitchen and my dad was leaning on the counter, bawling his eyes out. My dad is normally very stoic and quiet, and I don't want to imagine him breaking down again like that when he gets the news that I'm dead.

Yet, none of this makes me change my mind or feel better. I've been on reddit for quite a while today, browsing the threads about parents who have found their children that committed suicide, or people who have been wanting to commit suicide, and still I can't shake this. I want to get help so badly, but I can't afford it and I don't know what to do. Talking about it will help for a few weeks, maybe a couple of months, and I'll feel great and be happy, but then the suicidal thoughts always come back. Always. I hate being so miserable like this. I want to be happy, but I don't know what to do. I wonder if I need medication, that maybe something is really really wrong with me. I wonder how I'll pay for medication if I end up needing it. My family was always poor, poor enough that if you got a cut that needed stitches, you put super glue and a band aid on that shit. I haven't gone to a doctor in years. I was always able to tell myself that I didn't NEED it, that I could deal with whatever was ailing me on my own, and that I didn't have enough money anyway.

I think about suicide so often that it's become a habit, and I think about it even when I'm perfectly happy and everything is going fine. I've been obsessing over it a lot lately. I hide in the bathroom at work and cry silently and think about swallowing all the pills in my bathroom, or driving my car off the side of the freeway cliffs, or jumping in front of a bus. I don't want to be like this, but I feel like suicide is the only way I can end all this. Life feels so pointless. I feel like I'll always be poor and struggling with money and my art and my future.

TL;DR I've been suicidal for four years and want to get help but can't afford it. Suicidal thoughts are becoming more frequent and intense.

Sorry if this didn't make sense or if I rambled too much. I'm crying my eyes out and I'm not really thinking too clearly at the moment.