Wrote my will today and an explanation of what's going on. Depression is crippling me. I will probably die tomorrow.

Twenty-something male, working in retail. I'm miserable. Went for a job interview today for a full time position at some shitty fast food place: a downgrade from my current job at a small retail place I really like. They aren't giving me enough hours and I'm not surviving on what I'm being paid, so I've been forced to go to this shitty fast food place to make ends meet.


I have absolutely no money at all, and in two days I'll run out of gas money and be unable to get to my job. It feels like a fucking rat race--spend money getting to job, make money for gas to get to the job, and on and on it goes. I've never really had a job where I can think, or be creative, or be anything more than be a fucking product dispensor. "Here's your fucking coffee, have a nice fucking day". I'm trying to actually make something of myself, but school is expensive and I'm just too goddamn stupid to actually pass anything. My cumulative GPA when I left unversity was 2.2, because I'm a fucking moron who can't do anything right. So now I have to blow 2000K per semester of my own money to get a degree from a crappy community college. I owe over $30,000 for various school-related costs at a university where I never even obtained a degree because I'm SO. FUCKING. STUPID. I'm basically doomed to work shitty low end jobs, becase I'm not good enough to do anything else. I've been given twenty-something years, and I've achieved jack shit in my life.


Tomorrow afternoon, I'm going to buy a rope and hang myself. I just don't give a fuck anymore. I'm sick of being angry literally all the time. I'm sick of constantly being broke despite working day after day after day doing the same shit repeatedly. I'm sick of being miserable. Everyone around me seems to get a free pass, while I drown in a pool of financial piss. I struggle and struggle and it's all a waste of time in the end. We all die; some sooner than others. And I will die soon.