Life has become a nonrecoverable situation I no longer want to deal with

Everything that could go wrong has over the past month. I moved between countries to be with someone I fell in love with only to be shoved into the event horizon of the friendzone a week to the day of my arrival, then discarded like garbage when it proved to be too much to handle emotionally.

I lost my job and my savings; I have $4.95 to my name, $7900 in debt, and no real way of supporting myself beyond provincial social assistance (Ontario Works) of which I am absolutely ashamed to be on. Real men stand on their own two feet, work, and manage their finances. They don't wind up on welfare a step removed from literally being a homeless vagrant. After rent is paid, I have $90 to live off for the rest of the month. The comics I collected 20 years ago that have spent their existence sealed in plastic bags, smelling of new ink? Worthless. I can't sell them even for a dollar a piece just so I can afford food.

Antidepressants don't work anymore. I was pulled off a Benzo cold turkey in favor of an antipsychotic, but that too is useless. 

My friends have either universally abandoned me when I needed them most, or they find me an inconvenience now because their optimism crashes on the rocks of pragmatism ("it gets better!" vs "Life is a nightmare I no longer have the strength to face).

So, heartbreak, financial ruin, housing instability, and declining mental health. A solemn quartet of misery that must be endured all it once.

I've done it before, a few times even though I'm in my late 20s. It takes longer between bouts, more has to be sacrificed or lost to again stand upright.

I've done shit like this for so long. Years. I have literally lost a third of my life getting caught and battered in one horrible shitstorm after another. I don't have the strength to do it this time.

I've just taken my night time medication with a handful of sleep aids and a quarter bottle of (pretty shitty) Moscato. Will I wake up feeling like shit tomorrow? Yeah. If 45 doses of klonopin didn't do the trick, this probably won't. But if I'm lucky, my depressed invulnerability will stop.