Disposable, useless, and just plain pathetic.

I don't know where to start, but just flat out i am sick of my life. I am tired of being depressed. I am a 18 year old female that live in Houston Texas. i am not fucking beautiful what so ever. I weigh 210 while being 5'3 and things are in the right places but if you don't weigh 110 you are nothing. I do have a boyfriend but i'm a burden to him my feeling annoy him and now he happy in his life due to a new job and more freedom. I feel so left behind, unwanted, and just a fucking burden. i stopped telling him about how much i want to kill myself, because he just doesn't care and drags him don. He is my only friend. I was there for everything when he needed new clothes, needed foods, got kicked out of the house, i was fucking there, and his friends weren't and he treats them like gods. Anything they want he'll do whatever they say, even if i already told him that myself, they're right and go are they brilliant and fucking smart and just better than me. I hate his fucking best friend he puts shit in his head about our relationship. I read his message back when they guy just bashed me and told my BF to kill me or other crazy shit. No, these people are gods to him, when he was left on the street and his friend said tough shit they are fucking god... and i am the stupid dumb cheating lying whore....

My parents now i see them try to be with me but back then when my mom was sick she didn't know who i was and beat me. my dad just absent always working my brother who raised me, was raising a new child of his own and had no time for me. that led to me getting raped multiple by the same guy and some time he got other people to help and if i didn't want it i would be hit punished. but this was years ago and no one can change it do anything about it just im lonely and left behind again.

I'm so lonely i have no friends as much as i try to make them there is only this one girl who we share notes with and talk alot of stuff with. she tells me bye and see me next time. thats all i have to look forwarded to now. there is not one person that i meant that has not used me and left me to regret any human contact. 

I was a good fucking person. Whenever someone needed me i was there needed me to listen money ride a place to stay any fucking thing i was there. and i got re-payed back by them talking sit about me or just stop talking to me altogether. Fucking assholes. When i reached out for help with my depression its not real or people fuck it up more by treating me like im a crazy person and maybe i fucking am now because i am just put in a rock and a hard place and i am ready to burst. i go to therapy not helping what so ever if anything it makes me feel more depressed and honestly a bit ashamed seeing how i fell from grace and seeing how i fucked my own life and everyone around me watched and helped me fucking it up.

I just shut down i don't let anyone know about how bad i feel anymore and i want a friend so bad but  its so hard to trust people. im good at putting on my mask now I've learned to wear it proudly without it cracking.  but inside i'm so done the people who are suppose to make me happy fucking depresses the hell out of me then im depressed for being alone and just depressed depressed depressed. im sick of it so much last week just cry myself to sleep cry when im alone just cry and cry and cry. there is no moment when i don't think about just doing it now. im probably just going to cry myself to sleep right now. im so fucking alone i want friends i can fucking text about anything call them at night and just talk. i want to feel validated as a fucking person because i have feelings to. im sick of being alone. but im more sick of being used by people. everything just hurts and sucks and i know my life isn't as bad as a lot of other things happening or going on but fuck this is my life and its just all fucked.

I don't know what else to say. it just a whole jumble of my thoughts and feelings and honestly I think i should just give up and die no one else will notice beside my boyfriend and my family hell that girl will just think i dropped the class or something.

Happy Halloween. it's my favorites holiday... 