I need help

I really hoped it wouldn't come to this.  I'm 21 years old, I've been telling myself for a long time that I can handle my suicidal thoughts and depression, but I'm no longer sure I can.  I don't want to die, I'm usually afraid of dying and I don't want to hurt the people that care about me.  But practically every day I feel just as scared about living.

I don't know if my girlfriend leaving me is the entire reason for this, or whether the breakup just exposed my depression that I ignored until now by putting me on my own.  The relationship meant a lot to me and through it I had a lot of firsts.  I held more trust in my girlfriend than I had with anyone else.  It wouldn't be too much of an exaggeration to say that I made my life about her.  She left me a few weeks ago after I confronted her about getting more and more distant.  This weekend would have been our anniversary and I think if I have too much time on my hands and get wrapped up in my pessimistic head, something really bad could happen.  

I know that there are things in life I truly love and enjoy.  I know that there's a purpose in the doing the things I don't enjoy, like the schoolwork required to finish my degree.  It's like my rational brain can see the reasons, but even though most of what I do with my life makes sense on paper, I can't get it into my head that my life is worth living.  I think meeting new people is fascinating, but at the same time I can't even convince myself that I have the endeavor to get to know anyone.  I just lost my strongest connection in life.  I had someone who to me was more real and genuine than any other person imaginable.  It's terrible to be so ungrateful, because some of my friends have been helpful in listening, but compared to the level of connection I used to have in my relationship it's as if everyone is just a stranger.  I no longer have someone that I can entirely open up to, someone who could be involved in absolutely anything going on in my life.  

I don't love myself, and I consider it almost impossible to answer the question "What do I live for?"  Those two things are in my opinion the fundamental problems and should be the opposite if I were in the mental condition I want to be in. 

I've lost my train of thought because I started bawling quite hard and had to clear out my prolific nostrils.  I think I've included the most important ideas.  I'm not really sure what to ask of the people in this subreddit.  When my mood really plummets I usually need to call someone immediately, a family member or friend.  But thanks to the anonymity here, I can be more honest about the extent to which I feel lost and empty.   