I've had a total relapse at the worst possible time. I have to kill myself at this point.

If this goes over anything like my last post, nobody will care. But oh well. 

Around this time last year, my depression came back after two years of remission. This happened during my first semester in college. I managed to salvage one of my grades up to a B, but the other remained a D. I was only taking seven credits because the dean of students office told me that was all they thought I should take given how bad things were. I went back for another semester and I was forced to drop out because of my depression, and a negative reaction to medication that left me barely functional as a human being. 

So, i'm back at my university right now. I took the summer to attempt self-improvement and to help stave off the depression again. I thought it worked. It seemed to have worked, anyway. Until about midterm, I was doing fantastically in all my classes. I had gotten a 91 percent on my first Organic chem exam, which I think was one of the highest in the 200-person section. My rhetoric and art history professors seemed to think highly of me. I was retaking calculus and doing fine. I even managed to make a few acquaintances in my O chem lab. At the time, i was apprehensive about making mistakes, since if my GPA fails to improve above a 2.0 I will be kicked out of school, but I was still reasonably normal. But, sob story incoming, that changed about three weeks ago.

I don't know why or how it happened, but one day I woke up and knew that it was back. My willpower was gone, I was unable to sleep through the night or at normal hours or long enough to sustain me. I was basically back at what I considered rock bottom. Surprise surprise, things have gotten worse. Something is still keeping me alive but I don't know what it is. My theory is that some part of my mind likes to see me suffer, so it's forcing me to go through hell before I finally commit suicide. Suicide for me is bound to happen. I can't see myself dying any other way but at my own hand. I don't have a plan right now, but I've been considering how I would write a suicide note if/when the time comes. 

I feel like I need to kill myself because i can never be cured. My experiences prove that remission is always temporary and always short-lived. I can't live a life that plays out like this. It's all my fault that I failed last semester and it's all my fault that I'm bound to fail again. I can't drop any of my classes, since my available drops were all spent during my first semester. I have three major exams in the next five days (one in 12 hours that I am in no way prepared for, one on friday that i am in no way prepared for, and one on tuesday that I'm less prepared for than the other two combined), and I can't take the pressure anymore.

I tried working with my college's student health center, the dean's office, and counseling. They want me to shift my exam dates, but that will be impossible at such short notice. And even if they are deferred, I won't be able to prepare for them because I can't concentrate or think straight or do anything that a normal person should be able to do. Student health gave me a sleep aid because I've only been sleeping 5 hours every two days, but I can't take it because if I sleep I can't study for the exam and i'm bound to fail it then. I've only considered taking them all at once to try to die but I don't have enough to overdose on. I can't tell people this because if I do i'll be taken out of school and then no matter what I'll fail out of college because if I withdraw from classes in the academic standing i'm in they have to kick me out. I can't go to the hospital or anyone else for help because if I'm hospitalized I'll miss the exams and the professors all say that the exam dates can't be shifted for any reason on their syllabus. I can't tell my parents or family because they think I'm doing so well and if i tell them the truth they will want me to stop but I can't stop because I'll never get the chance to do what i love to do if I don't have a college degree.

I'm so sorry for posting this and I'm sorry for anyone who's tried to read this nonsense. 