What's the Point?

I'm what you would call a good student, I guess. I get pretty good grades, I have a lot of friends, I have a family who loves me. I have almost a perfect life, I get a lot of appreciation, I have everything I could hope for. And yet, I feel so lonely. I feel hopeless, useless, pointless, like there's nothing I can do. My goal in life is to help as many people as I can, and yet I feel like I can't even do a simple task like that.

I want to kill myself. I really do. I don't think "how could I kill myself" like it was just a pondering thought, or "how would I kill myself", like I didn't want to but I wondered how I would if I was depressed. I think "how should I kill myself" as if it's already decided. I try to think of a way that would hurt my family the least, and not make them suffer. The only thing I can think of is a purposeful overdose.

Only two people in my life know I want to commit suicide, a friend who I spilled it to when I had an emotional breakdown, and my brother, who I know loves me. He is one of the reasons why I haven't killed myself yet, because he told me if I were to do so, he would as well due to his sadness. I just don't want to hurt my mom and dad or brother, but I feel so hopeless. I also think I haven't killed myself because I'm a coward. I'm scared of death, I'm scared of the pain, I'm scared of not knowing what will happen to me, I'm scared of showing people the true weakness inside me that I hide so well. But I still want to leave.

I'm honestly not too sure why I am depressed. Maybe it's because of the stress from school and my parents, specifically my mom who keeps boasting about how smart I am, though I'm no longer living up to her expectations. Maybe it's because of how useless I feel, like I can't do anything right, like I always seem to be an annoyance. Maybe it's because I don't know what to do about anything. I've already planned out my life, go to a good college, go to law school, etc...and yet I feel like I'm lost. 

I'm sorry for such a long post, I just needed to rant and I had nowhere else to go.