For the first time in nearly 18 months the thought of suicide is racing through my head.

I have never had the best results with relationships, both intimate and non.  My friends eventually get tired of my company and my significant others eventually get tired of my intensity.

Company..  Intensity..  I suppose it doesnt do me any favors to mask a rant with political language.  

I am a former drug addict,  I destroyed my life once with habitual benzodiazepene and opiate abuse.  In those times, I was in a period of social flourishing;  I had a lot of friends, I was popular, I made a fair amount of money for my age, life seemed good.  As time went on, everything seemed to fade away one at a time..  All but the drug abuse.  I stole, I lied, I committed crimes, I destroyed friendships, I ruined relationships, I lost jobs, all for nights of inebriation that could only lead to mornings of regret and physical pain.

I broke away from the grips of addiction after three years, and I have been free of hard drugs for nearly two years, but the process of rebuilding my life has been more than arduous.  I picked up hobbies, I tried meeting new people, I tried to improve myself as a person, but the world views me as damaged goods. Employers don't want me, family and friends do not trust me, interested women turn and run within a few days of conversation.  I can't necessarily blame them,  Who I was was indeed a terrible person,  but I feel like no one wants to give me a chance to prove to them that I can change.

So here I am.  

Alone.

With no friends.

Wishing that someone, somewhere, has a magical combination of words that will trigger the processes in my broken brain that will allow me to move on from the traumas of the past and the anxieties of the present.  

Just a month ago I thought things were starting to turn the corner.  My hobby of music production began to provide tangible rewards, I had an interview for a job that would pay 5 figures (the first I would have in over five years), a girl I liked seemed to be interested in me, I made friends with a group of guys I met on an online game, and the friends that were crazy enough to stay in contact with me were beginning to come around as well.  It was beginning to look like I would be able to live a normal life again, something I considered an impossibility when I was consuming Alprazolam/alcohol/opium cocktails on a nightly basis.

In the blink of an eye it all seemed to fall apart in my face.  Life has a way of turning the superstition of Murphy's Law into painful reality at the worst possible time.  I didnt get the job, two of my closest friends completely ceased contact with me (and I still dont know why), and the girl who was showing interest in me seemed to forget I existed when she fell in love with the boy next door.  All in the span of a month.

I have evaded the thought of suicide for a long time, but as I type this with tears in my eyes, the only thought that can coherently travel through my mind is the visualization of pulling the trigger and feeling the finality of what has been a life of failure and ostracization.  I could stop being a disappointment to myself, I could stop being myself, I could stop being.

I want to be wanted, but no one wants anything to do with me.  I feel so empty 

so lonely 

so lost.

I am afraid to keep trying, because I do not think I will survive another wave of failure.  I do not think I can go through the pain of watching people I care about forget that I exist.  I am afraid to stop typing this rant.. What do I do after I press send?