Another level of stupidity (and rudeness) rises in the clientele at the damn junkyard everyday. Seen enough? Wait till tomorrow👍!

The huge sign reads, **SELF-SERVICE  pick-your-part. no jacks, no torches, no air tools, no alcohol, no children under 16, and $2 admission into the yard *per* person.**  

"Wtf do you mean its 2 per person?!!" *slams money on counter*  "HERES YOUR TWO BUCKS."

"What if you don't have the part I need?? Give me my money back" (self service yard, we don't inventory parts, so we are not responsible for the parts that are picked off already. $2 is also a maintenance fee, so you are paying for the mess you will most likely be making.)

"Wow, who's gonna even take off the part for me? That's stupid. You don't even have mechanics here? Bullshit."  

"I'd like to speak to your manager. No, no, a GUY manager."  


"No, I don't need to sign my name." OK. THATS FINE, you're just gonna fuck up my drawer tonight.  

*gates closed, we stop letting customers in at 4:30, and the only people who are getting checked out are the ones who were still in the yard, guys comes through exit door demanding core refund, our return and core system is shut down* "yo gimme my money back for this air compressor! I don't care if its after business hours, gimme the damn money back. No I'm not gonna leave! I live all the way across town!!! Do your damn jobs assholes and gimme the money now. You guys are fucking racist!"  Hmm, the only difference between you and other customers in here is that **your dumbass barged your way through the exit door after the entrance gate was closed.**
 

"You mean my 93 Plymouth breeze that got into a collision that has be towed from 2 cities away is only worth $175? You quoted me higher earlier" what the fuck do you expect from a damn junkyard that you called twice? 

"Can you tell me why your junkyard is the dumbest one I went to?" 
Idk, can you tell me why you wasted your gas and $2 to come to a place you think is stupid? Keep digging yourself that hole deeper and deeper.