Nothing like years of waiting to be disappointed, even when it comes to seemingly small things.

I've been a halo fan since day one, I even remember back playing CE in 2001 when it and xbox came out. I started playing online on halo 3 in 07, but never really played halo 2 online before it got shut down. So the master chief collection came out two days ago. I preloaded it too(which I wish I didn't). I was actually pretty excited, I was looking forward to playing halo 2 after years of people insisting it was better than halo 3 which I beloved online. I was sure it was going to be good, I mean all those people can't be wrong and its campaign played solid right? I pretty much got the collection for halo 2, and mainly online.

Well, it came out, and I loved the new graphics on campaign. It's was a blast from the past that I enjoyed. But of course the fun ends when you're done with campaign, because online is completely broken. It takes 10-40 minutes to get a game, and even then it wont balance the teams, wont be full games, and then be glitchy on top of that. This is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to issues on this game. So thanks 343 and Microsoft for boning everyone by selling a half finished product.

But of course comes halo 2s online. To put it short, I think it plays poorly, its feel is mushy, guns are underpowered, I can't stand the melee, and I'm not fond of the remade maps feels and dynamics. Of course you have the annoying players, who camp, play cheaply, and kill the mood for me completely. So, after 7 years of hype, I pretty much just got dropped on my face. I really dont see what people like in it. I'd rather play halo 3 or CE anytime. I've got pretty bad buyers remorse, because I can't sell this pile of shit 343 pumped out because its digital, and I yet again dont have a game I enjoy on Xbone, so its as well is pretty much a waste of money because it has no good games IMO.

I don't really care if you disagree. I generally feel this way, you can't change that, and I couldn't give a single shit if you think I'm wrong. This game is bad online. Probably one of the major reasons why people liked it so much is because so many players that are in their 20's were young and simply nostalgic about it. I really think anyone that says its the best of the trilogy is flat out wrong and needs to stop talking. You can like it, I wont be mad or annoyed, but you should probably stop moving your lips if you think its the best.

So, 7 year of hype turned into nothing, my 500$ Xbone is collecting dust again, and 343 once again after their disgrace that was halo 4 proved themselves incompetent again, and I can't sell it for at lease 40$, which is what it costs to get a new 360 disk drive, which is broken for me.

So thanks 343, Microsoft, and nostalgic fanboys who should probably not talk, you made my week.

PS Microsoft, fix the fucking curser locater on windows phone, its harder than splitting an atom to use and made typing this a pain.

Sorry for any typos, and I'm on mobile and its a bitch to correct them.