Ashamed of my ethnicity

I struggled a bit with the decision to post this due to reddit's nature but what the hell, I'll do it anyway.
I'm an 18 year old Asian American (Chinese to be specific), and I suppose the reason why I feel this way is because I've seen/heard a lot of things that made me a little sad. Let me be clear right now: I was born and raised in the US. I've absorbed way more American culture and ideals than Chinese. Hell, I can barely even speak fluent Chinese. However, nobody sees me as an Asian American. To them, I'm just Asian. I "eat dogs and cats", I "wear ugly clothing", I "am rude and annoying", and I'm just in general, an "awful person" apparently. I've even heard someone say we "eat ivory"?? In my comparative politics lecture, we are taught (what is, in my opinion, after having gone to China every summer for the past few years) very outdated information that highlights all of the bad things in their history but none of the good. 

Even today, I came across a video of the PM of Japan shaking hands with the President of China and everyone was commenting things like "fake, just like everything else in China", and "never trust China", and even "if China were to take over the world, I would kill myself. They are the worst people ever". No one understands why the president would act that way (bad blood from WWII, for those who bothered to open a textbook), but no one bothers to understand how the other side feels. In fact, I think it's funny how currently, many SJW are refusing to forget the existence of slavery (and we shouldn't), but so many people tell Chinese people to "just forget it! It happened a long time ago!"

I don't believe there's a perfectly good country. Every country has its bad aspects, but sometimes I find myself wishing I could be white or something, so I don't have to cringe with embarrassment whenever another Chinese person does something embarrassing or the government is being dumb. I probably sound like a super angsty teen right now, but as much as I try to ignore what other people think of my ethnicity, it still kind of stings to know people think I'm a greedy cheater, when all I want to do is help people.

Meh