What using Sony Vegas feels like

Let's pretend that you have to make a cake for your BFF's birthday party. You're excited as hell for this. You've been planning on making this cake for weeks now. You spent $200 and several hours at numerous different supermarkets buying everything you're going to need to make this the best god damned cake you've ever made *in your life*. You have the most amazing cake in your head that you want to make, and you're rarin' to go to get started on it. 

Now let's assume that all of your BFF's friends who are going to this party are either vegan, diabetic, allergic to one of the ingredients, or on some really weird diet- and you have to make this cake specifically cater to *all* of your BFF's friends. 

Now assume that, while you're making this cake, that all of your BFF's friends are in the kitchen, watching you closely make this cake to make sure that you're actually catering to their needs. 

NOW assume that, the *second* you do something to this cake that upsets them, they will immediately; without warning; rip whatever  ingredient you're holding from your hands, throw them on the ground, stomp on them, and make you do whatever it was you were doing correctly this time. 

You would get really sick of this after a while, right? By this point, you're ready to tell everyone to get the hell out of your kitchen, or tell your BFF to invite other people, or just tell all of them not to eat any of the god damned cake. 

But guess what!? Due to a rare brain condition you suffer from, you don't know how to make a cake unless there are vegan hipsters in the kitchen with you slapping ingredients and tools out of your hands as soon as you do something to this cake they don't like! You can't tell them to leave because having them violently keep you from making progress is the only way you know how to make cakes! As terrible as this is and as much as you hate it- it's literally the only way you know how to make cakes! 

So let's say that after working on this cake several hours longer than you should have- you finally manage to finish the damn thing. By this point it looks a little different than what you envisioned, but by this point you've worked through so much frustration and spent so much time on this fucking cake that you don't even care. You're just happy the cake is finished, after fighting an uphill battle with your BFF's  friends for several hours. 

The day comes around to your BFF's birthday. By this point, you've forgotten all about the troubles you've had with making your BFF's cake, and you're just happy that you're at the party finally. The time then comes the time to cut the cake. 

You go into the fridge to pull out the cake, ready to serve it to your BFF and all of your BFF's annoying friends. You've kept this in the fridge for the last few days in a tin cover so your BFF wouldn't see the cake before their birthday.

You pull off the cover on the cake... and find that there are several pieces of the cake that were straight up cut out. The pieces that were cut out were completely random in no order in particular. After countless, painful hours making this cake, someone just took your cake, cut out several sections of it, and left it back in the tin you put it in. 

Immediately, you blame your BFF's friends for the cake. You confront them for vandalizing your cake, asking which one of them is responsible for ruining it. One of your BFF's friends steps forward, taking blame for ruining your cake, and tells you that the section of your cake was incompatible with her diet, and that it had to be taken out because it had too much frosting on it. She then tells you that if you want to have the complete cake, you should go back and re-bake the parts that she cut out, but *this* time make sure you put *juuuuuuuuuuuust* the right amount of frosting on it, or she'll cut out the part *again* and make you bake it *again*. 

This is exactly what editing videos feels like when the only video-editing software you know how to use is Sony Vegas. 