Knew it would happen

He says, "let's go out and decide where we want to put that fence."  Here we go.  Honestly, he doesn't want my input, the fence will ultimately go wherever he decides.   OK, must play along even though I know its only a matter of time before he gets mad at me.  I go out there and he's pruning a tree.  I wait.  Then he carries the branches to the pickup spot.  To speed things along, I help.  Then he decides to cut them into smaller pieces.  I wait.  Finally, we walk the property line to decide where to put the fence.  He says something about using the drawing I made to decide where to put the gates.  I'm thinking, I don't know why, we are right here in the yard.  More walking around.  Me, are we going to pull a string or something?  He's still trying to decide 2 feet or 3 feet from the property line in order to thread through several trees out there.  I'm thinking, we know where the corners are, just pull a fucking string already.  We've been out here 45 minutes already and I need to start dinner.  But I keep my mouth shut.  Then he starts bitching about the one tree on the city easement that needs to be cut down.  This tree is not even in the way.  Then he looks at the perfectly healthy live oak on our side and says it probably has beetles.  I say "I don't want to cut down that tree." He snaps "I KNOW, I'm not GOING to cut it down".  Mmmhmm.  If he had his way, he would cut down every single fucking tree on the property and we would have no shade.   He's already cut down half of them. I've had to plead to keep the rest.  All he wants is a lawn.  Anyway, more walking, now he snaps at me to get the damn drawing already.  OK, I go in the house and get it.  I think he probably has a pencil so I stupidly don't get one.  I come out and hand him the drawing and he says "what are you going to write with?"  OK, I'm an idiot, I start to go get a pencil, he says "Fuckit I'll get the pencil."  Comes back out without the drawing or the pencil.  I ask "did you get the pencil?" He says "No the hell with it." I said "why"  He says "I don't know what is wrong with you, you act like you don't want to help me!"   I said "this is why I don't like to work with you, you start snapping at me"  He yells, "I asked you THREE TIMES to get me the goddamn drawing, when did I snap at you"  I said "you're doing it right now and I don't like being yelled at" and I went in the house and started dinner.  Fuck!