Rant about raising the minimum wage

I am so fucking tired of looking on my facebook thread and seeing people I know and love rejecting the idea of raising the minimum wage for fucking stupid reasons. It'd be different if they actually had valid concerns but their arguments all amount to "well any ol' dumbfuck can flip a burger so why should we pay you 15 bucks an hour to do it?" You wanna know my answer? Because some people HAVE to make their living flipping burgers. Sorry not everyone has the skills to land a job that makes them 50k+ a year. Sorry that there are college kids out there scraping by just to afford fucking ramen every night on top of worrying about all the debt from student loans that'll come back to bite them in the ass in a couple years, not to mention how stupidly overpriced textbooks and other learning tools are. Do people just not know about low-income families anymore? And how the providers of said families are so desperate for a job that pays fucking anything just to feed their kids?

The whole idea of minimum wage is the minimum amount you can live on; as in affording food, rent, bills, car payments and other necessary expenses in day to day life. People always try to counter me by saying that back in the good ol' days minimum wage was even lower than it is now, and that's true. But the economy wasn't as much of a clusterfuck back then as it is now. *cough*2008stockmarketcrash*cough* It was possible to live on like 4 dollars an hour, cuz back then, 20 bucks could net you a whole cart full of brand name groceries no sweat. I'm pretty sure nowadays it's impossible to live on $7.50 an hour without getting a second job or two. If you were to work 40 hours a week with no vacation time or personal days off, you would end up with approximately 15k a year, maybe even less if you factor in taxes. Yeah sure, it's probably possible to live on that, if you live completely alone with no kids, no bills, only eating the cheapest meals and living in your car. Another counter to raising minimum wage I see a lot is that blahblah job makes a small amount when they deserve to make more. The most common blahblah job is usually military. Now I don't claim to know how much military people make, but if they really make so little (I heard some only make 18k a year), then yeah, that fucking sucks. We should totally do something about it along with the minimum wage fiasco. And before I hear about how America can't afford to do something like that, how about we cut a couple mil out every NFL/NBA/whatever star's salary? That would certainly improve things!