Losing temper in 3...2...

Quick background for whomever might read this and care enough to make sense of what the fuck I'm saying. 

In 2013, I got two huge dogs with my roommate on the agreement that one is hers and one is mine, splitting the work/care/finances in half. She just up and fucking left in February, leaving me with unpaid bills and both dogs. The dogs are escape artists and we finally got a $130 ticket for them not being tied up, which is fine. I was putting it off. I understand. So now I do my very best to make sure they never leave the yard so this situation doesn't happen again. 

Another piece of information! This couple friend of mine, Ron and Ashley, were engaged to be married. Ron cheated on Ashley this summer, they stayed together and went to premarital counseling. He left her because he realized he's not ready to be married. Ashley has asked me before to stop selling weed to Ron because she doesn't approve of his smoking. Yeah...not my problem. It's business. 

Okay! So here's my bullshit fucking morning. 

The low temperature was down to around 32° last night, so I brought the dogs inside because the shed outside is missing some boards and isn't insulated whatsoever. The dogs were in the room with all of my old roommate's stuff because I'm a vindictive bitch and they were dirty. They were making noise this morning because they knew we were awake, so I put them back outside to let them go potty. But of course when I opened the back door to take one out to her chain, they both took off because other people don't tie their fucking dogs up and there was three or four dogs on the other side of our fence. I ended up breaking my fingernail down into the quick (if you roll your eyes at me being upset over a broken nail I will hunt you down and break every single one of yours so you understand how fucking sore they get) and getting a blood blister on my fingertip. Not sure how. The dogs were eventually caught and tied up, but not until after I lost my fucking temper inside the house like a goddamned child. 

So now I'm standing inside the house, sweating because I just ran around outside for fifteen minutes trying to catch the dogs in cold weather. You know how when you warm up to cold weather, going inside is like stepping into a sauna? I was blessed with that wonderful sweaty fucking feeling. 

After I peeled my jeans off my sweaty self, I noticed a few texts on my phone. One from my old roommate telling me she'll be in town today, and the other from Ashley saying "please stop giving Ron weed."

Now hold the fuck up. 

It is not my responsibility to control his weed intake. I didn't *give* him anything. He bought it. It's business. I'm not going to turn a customer away, and I've been in a controlling relationship before where I wasn't allowed to smoke, so I know how it is. She began giving me reasons he needs to get clean, like how he's "using weed to cope" with their breakup and that he eventually wants to be a teacher. I told her I understand why she feels he needs to be clean, but it really isn't my responsibility to stop him from smoking. He's a big boy. He can handle himself. She said to me "well you don't have to sell him any or give him (dealers') phone numbers." You're right, I don't HAVE to. He has his own fucking numbers for other people. 

"But Lindseywastaken, didn't he break up with her?" you ask. 

Why, yes. Yes he did. He broke up with her and now she's trying to control him through other people. Leave me the fuck out of it. 

So now the roommate coming to town wants me to foot the bill to smoke her out, but I can't because the ticket for the dogs is due tomorrow. And she's telling me to take things to the pawn shop so I'll have money to get a few gs. 

Yeah, sure, ex roommate! I would love to smoke you out for free! Just like how I've been taking care of your dog for free (who is now my dog because I've been the sole owner and she can go fuck herself if she things she's taking Nala back) and storing your shit for free? Oh yes, you're right. I should totally go sell my shit so I can supply you with weed.

Just fuck off! Leave me the fuck alone! I don't have money or patience to handle the ex roomie, and I sure as hell don't have the patience to handle Ashley's bullshit.

And I'm hormonal, so rage is flowing through my veins anyway. Fuck. 

Also, why the fuck don't my notifications go the fuck away on my phone? Timehop was like "oh hey I've got some fun memories for you so I'm going to sit here until you look at them!" and I'm like "MOVE YOUR FUCKING NOTIFICATION SO I CAN TELL THE WORLD HOW ANGRY I AM DAMMIT" because the notifications sit nicely at the top of my screen where every fucking button is. 