I don't hate you because you're gay - I hate you because you're an asshole

Throwaway for obvious reasons.

My wife and I have been married for a few years and had dated for three or so before that. Her folks got divorced about ten years into their marriage when her dad came out...of course, most think divorce impacts both parties equally but he was the only one working, already had a new furnished apartment lined up, new checking account while she was caught totally off guard, but I digress. Right around when we started dating, her dad started to see someone we'll call John. You remember my disdain for my wife's father from earlier? Well, he isn't the subject of my rant - John is.

Before I get going, in the interest of full disclosure, I am a libertarian, which to some means conservative which means Republican which means racist/bigot/homophobe. Nothing could be further from the truth. Frankly I don't care about gay marriage, abortion, marijuana - let the people vote at a state level and if they want those things, great, if not, that's fine too. Bottom line, I'm not going to judge someone for who they are or what they believe. John is not like that at all. He is one of those stereotypical "celebrate diversity" yahoos who can not stand when someone has a different opinion than his own. He will "celebrate diversity" of race, gender, and sexual orientation but not diversity of opinion. John will talk - unprovoked - ad nauseam about "big businesses" and "corporations" with their nasty profits while driving around in his Jaguar and listening to his iPod. John does not have a job and I can not figure out if it is because he is a trust fund baby or if he receives federal aid; I've never asked, nor do I care to ask as I'm sure it will open a can of worms. As far as I can tell, he has spent the last 20-25 years traveling the world on someone's blank check. John is also one of those people where everything must be made to please him; we've gone out to eat as a family and I've seen him order food only to have it come out while he talks for ten minutes, takes a bite and sends it back to the kitchen as it's "too cold." My wife's brother and wife purchased their first home a few years back - a beautiful ranch, but in need of a little work - and John complained that they only had a double bed in their guest room and the rooms didn't have the right "chi." Did I mention he was into Buddhisim? Or Taoism? As far as I can tell, he is into any and every eastern religion; if there is a statue of their God(s), he probably has it on display in his house - that's the one in the gated community where he is able to safely update Facebook every night, preaching tolerance while staying far away from anyone who makes under $200k/year. 

As you can imagine, John has caused some tension between himself and my wife's family. He has pulled my father-in-law away from his siblings to the point where some of them don't talk anymore. I'm not sure if that makes them unfortunate to have lost a family member or lucky that they don't have to put up with this crap the three or so times I year I need to put up with these dickheads. Shit pisses me off and while I bet my wife and her siblings see what I see, I don't want to poke the bear. 