I'm just fed up with the life I'm living.

I don't even know where to start here. So much is happening/has happened that I can't even figure out what is the root of my issues.

Who would've thought a 4 month, high school relationship could be so painful for so long. Since the end of my senior year (I'm a sophomore in college now), I've been trying to get over my ex. NOTHING WORKS. Since her, I've had another girlfriend and I lost my virginity and NOTHING WORKS. The precursor to writing this was tonight was the night I found out she's dating someone else now (first guy since we broke up she's dated). ITS KILLING ME. I can't even sleep right now and its almost 4AM. 

Recently, I've been really lonely. I haven't talked to most of my best friends in a very long time, the friends I do see have no regard for me and my feelings and belongings. I recently moved into a house with a housemate and two of my best friends from college (are dating each other) never leave. They stay on my couch for days at a time, they eat all my food, and worse of all they don't EVER FUCKING SAY THANK YOU nor do they EVEN ACT A LITTLE CONSIDERATE. I don't expect a goddamn metal for feeding them EasyMac and letting them crash on my couch but goddamn at least try and be a little respectful to the person who's basically sheltering and supporting you. Its not that I dont want them around anymore, its just too much. I barely have any privacy as it is and I dont live in a huge house so its really getting tough. I've talked to them about eating all the food and they agreed to stop but they've gotten in the habit of staying late enough where they just can't (won't) walk back home (a 15min walk). 

On the topic of this couple: they have no restraint at all. They make out and kiss and smooch and cuddle and they touch each other and they hold each other and they whisper and giggle and they tease each other. This sounds like a perfectly normal relationship but NOT WHEN ITS HAPPENING 10 FEET FROM ME AND MY FUCKING HOUSEMATE. It wouldn't as bad as it is (for me) if I haven't addressed this COUNTLESS TIMES BEFORE. It's extremely uncomfortable for me to sit next to. I think the worst part about it is when I recently talked to one of them about it (the guy obviously) he laughed at me thinking I was joking and it wasn't until I smashed my fist on the table and screamed with anger did he stop laughing. Normally I am a very calm and collected person but when he started laughing I lost my cool really quickly. Whenever I try and talk to her about it she's always like "oh we aren't that bad." Well, yes you actually are. 

Here is probably reason number two I'm ranting right now: the constant feeling of being alone. Living with someone who I don't really want to, having friends who live on my couch constantly making out, and paying for rent, school, and food, with my only family hundreds of miles away isn't fun and it really is messing with my head. Because my two closest friends are in a relationship (and are always up each other's asses) they are constantly in agreement. Its repulsive. The guy will suggest someone the girl with say no and suggest something she wants and the guy goes "great suggestion." On the other side, there's my housemate (acquaintance before living together) who has a totally different group of friends.

What I'm really getting at here is that they only people who have ever been on my side with anything are hundreds of miles away. The only people who have ever truly been there for me are hundreds of miles away. I'm all alone. There's no emotional support or real support of any kind. I do ALL the supporting. I can't take it much longer.

Depression has really set in. Anxiety is coming back. And I have so much else to worry about. 

Everyone always says it gets easier but when will it get easier? I'm already breaking down. I feel it. I have no more motivation, no drive. I'm just constantly sad trying to pretend I'm not.

Suicide has crossed my mind a few times. I always shake it out of my head saying how stupid it is but as the days go on it seems more and more like a good idea.

Thanks for reading and sorry there's not really a clear line to thought. I'm having a really bad time. I'm tired, angry, sad, its 4AM, and I'm listening to sad songs so I'm going to try and sleep. Goodnight reddit and thanks again.