No, they aren't distractions

A mello rant, but a rant nonetheless: 

This sound familiar? :
"TURN OFF THE TV! Get Outside! Stop playing video games and make something of yourself!!"

A part of this really makes me angry. It's not the purpose behind this statement, but the message.

Not all TV is bad. Not all video games are mindless. Not every form of entertainment is permission to "veg". 

If I'm watching a really good show, I'm in the moment and following the story. Everything has my attention, I'm anxious, I'm excited, i'm happy, I'm experiencing a wonderful moment. Don't tell me that the TV is rotting my brain. Shows with artful purpose are here to entertain on an intellectual level. They aren't here to ruin the eyes and brain of a human like reality TV.

And while we're at it, video games are not a distraction. They are an interactive way of delivering an experience. This engages my mind even more so than being at a theater. Video games have the most unique ways of portraying ideas and communication to the heart of the players. People who play the game are themselves experiencing a very real system of interaction. They are not removing themselves from society. They aren't drooling dimwits. They are people enjoying themselves by expression or mastery.

Like I said,I'm not arguing against the purpose of the "Turn off the TV" mindset. The purpose is to get the target person to stop over-indulging in an activity that takes time away from other responsibilities.

However, the message this communicates is one of prejudice. It says that video games and media in general are nothing but useless distractions. No one complains when someone reads a really good book from beginning to end but heaven forbid that a kid plays his gameboy.

Again, yes it is bad if someone throws away other responsibilities in order to partake in some TV or games to clear their mind or whatever. But that stands for anything. Don't act like media is an inherently evil thing. It has just as much purpose if not more so than other forms of entertainment.