Just tired.

Emotionally and Physically. 

I've been here countless times to vent, sometimes big things, sometimes little. Now I'm not even really ranting about someone else, just things in general.

Since September I've been sleeping on a matt on a bunk surrounded by childing, rude, inappropriate and loud adults incapable of thinking about anyone but themselves. I've barely gotten 5 hours of sleep a day and thats when I'm not woken up every hour with slamming. 

As soon as I got my job I started doing my hardest to get as many hours as I could, leaving me with even less sleep and often times with a shit ton more stress coming from doing that. 

Now, I have until the 30th to try and save as much money as I can ($500 in the bank, and I need/want $1000) but since last week I didn't get much work, I had to step it up this week. Thankfully I've nearly doubled my assigned hours just by going "Yeah I can stay, I'll do this, we need this made so I'll do it." and being one of few people willing to work an extra few hours. even if it involved a 12hr shift with little food for two days. 

And I"m emotionally drained because I'm in this situation, and when I'm not working I'm thinking about it, thinking about how if I just got off my ass sooner I'd never have been in this situation, or how if I didn't worry about certain things as a kid I might have a friend or a girlfriend I could talk to about it. Last night I got in earlier than I would've liked and very nearly broke down in my bunk because it's just so damn hard to keep it up.

I can't trust my family to help me through this because all they ever want to do is blame me for their problems, or worse give their problems to me to fix. I can't call up a friend because I don't really have any, atleast none I feel comfortable with sharing this stuff. 

I'm constantly worrying about whether or not I'm doing the right thing, constantly questioning myself, and now just purely terrified by the idea of messing up.

I'm tired, I want to be somewhere I feel safe, I want to be around people that can help me through this, and I want to stop worrying about my life because of how I'm so fucked up.