Particularly lonely tonight I guess

I am a shy and introverted person. About 6 years ago this month, I met my now ex wife. We talked every night, had a great connection, enjoyed just about everything about being together, and all of the other gag-related stuff most fresh couples do. I was about 21 at the time and was so happy; especially since I had never dated before her and absolutely suck at meeting people. She was a friend of my sister in high school. That lasted about 2 years, then we married. 

We proceeded to have a mostly sexless marriage - she didn't really like sex all that much due to history as an abused child and I was OK with it, but she started beating herself up about not not being in the mood whenever I tried to make an advance pretty openly to me. Got to the point that I felt bad about being turned on by her. At some point she suggested trying for a child, which would help her work through things. We had just bought a house and figured everything out, excited to have a child. We started working to have one. Then I found out she has been having affairs with just about all of her male friends since the wedding.... that this was a cover because she was on a new medicine that prevented her from being on the pill for a few months.

We had a pretty massive falling out, and by our second anniversary, we're pretty well into divorce proceedings. Even though things were pretty rocky, I made a huge effort to keep the divorce amicable since we would be really only be fighting over debt anyway, and I didn't want to pay the lawyer divorce tax unless I absolutely had to. In retrospect it was dangerous, but it all worked out well enough for me and her in the long run.

This was about 3 years ago now. Today, I was downtown in the Tucson nightlife scene as part of a going away party for a coworker who is leaving for greener pastures. I stayed out late and reaffirmed that I am still an introvert and absolutely suck at meeting people. I've tried to move on and find someone else. Sometimes its just me wanting a pretty girl to talk to, others it is me actually looking for a serious relationship again. It rarely results in anything at all as I end up running away from anything that goes forward every time. I either break contact with them abruptly or friend-zone them myself just to keep from getting hurt again. I usually realize I did it after it is too late to fix. Tonight was no different. I talked to a girl who was cute, energetic, and having a great time. She didn't seem all that into me, but I didn't really give her much reason to be either. Rather than pursue her or anyone else, I left. That one was too much for me tonight. I wasn't having fun anymore and it wasn't going to get better.

I've been doing this on and off for awhile trying to meet someone new - the nightlife scene, clubs, online dating, friends, etc.  I end up looking back on how I thought I had what I was looking for - and get pissed off that I have to fight myself all over again to not be lonely anymore. A fight I thought I would never have to have again. To add to it I am at an awkward age, usually either too young or too old for most of the singles on the market.

I know my story is hardly unique, and most likely there are much worse situations out there. Tomorrow will be a new day, and I can go from there and try to figure out what to try differently - or if I just want to be content being single for a little while longer. I'll probably feel better about my life in general. It really isn't that bad - I still own my own house, car, and have a decent job with an above average salary for my age. First world problems... Tonight the pain is still fresh though. And I wish I had someone whom I could talk to, who knew me almost better than I know myself, that I could just hold and cuddle with while going to sleep tonight to wait for tomorrow to come and be strong again.
