I ALREADY KNOW it's my turn to take out the garbage. I don't need 20 reminders. RAGE.

This is one of those family-related rants. Ugh, I know.

My brother is a fucking asshole. Aside from being well into his 30s  (11 years my senior) and still living at home, only NOW trying to get an education, he is a fucking annoying, immature idiot. Holyyyyyyyy shitttttttt.

The incident that set me off? This week, like every other bloody week, he insists on CALLING MY PHONE, THEN TEXTING ME, THEN VERBALLY REMINDING ME all within 30 minutes that it is my turn to take out the recycling and the garbage. So, I snapped. I said "Please, DO NOT REMIND ME. I DO NOT NEED ONE. I KNOW WHEN IT IS MY TURN." His excuse? "Yeah and? You have a tendency to forget things. Take a chill pill. God..."

OHHHH, THE IRONYYYYYY. Every single week since we have split up garbage duties (where I take out the garbage, compost, recycling, specialty waste bi-weekly, while all he has to do is take out the recycling every other week -- in my town it alternates to minimize garbage disposal) he has literally started an entire conversation with me that sounds a lot like this:
 Him: "Whose turn is it to do garbage this week?"
Me: "Yours/mine"
Him: "Oh yeahhhhh that's right. I always forget/get it mixed up, and forget that you I only do recycling and you do everything else blah blah blah" for literally, no joke, 5 whole minutes. 

EVERY. GOD. DAMNED. WEEK.
And somehow *I* have a tendency to forget things??????
He even wrote our initials on a calendar attached to the fridge with each week. HOLY FUCK. DON'T KNOW? DON'T ASK. JUST LOOK.
MY TURN? THAT'S NICE. I ALREADY KNOW, SO CAN IT.

For the record, I have never even once forgotten it to do it.
On top of that, I have to spend 20+ minutes every week organizing it all properly because he and my jackass-for-a-father don't know how to seperate plastic from cardboard/aluminum.

This is only one of the many things this happens with on the daily, especially regarding stupid questions. Naturally, he's too busy demanding that I buy him high quality chocolate bars with my work discount (and taking forever to pay me back) to notice that he's being an asshat. YUP. Not doing that anymore.

And did I mention he sends me really nasty text messages where all he does is swear at me when he's mad at me?! God forbid anyone makes him mad... my mother basically tells me that and tiptoes around him all the time. Can't upset her baby boy. He can literally swear at her too, and she'll take it. He's a petulent teenager. It's actually disgusting.

I just want to finish my Bachelor's, and get the fuck out of here the second I do.

ALLOFTHERAGEEEEEEEEE.

This is petty as hell for me to get angry at, I realize, but damn did it send me over the top today.

But honestly, I just want everybody to fuck off. Is that too much to ask?