I hate people who work at "corporate owned" apartment leasing offices...

So my bank messed up my auto-debit payment for my rent (which by the way has been working without a problem for the last 18 months) causing my apartment complex to charge me like $150 in late fees. I had recently switched my direct deposit at work (which I have setup to auto-transfer my rent amount each month to my special "auto-debit only" account for stuff like rent). I guess they got out of sync. 

Bottom line is that the payment "went through" the apartment's auto-debit system but then was rejected by the bank afterwawrds. I even got a confirmation e-mail from the complex saying "Payment Confirmed" and then the bank rejected it aftwerwards, but there was no notification from the *apartment complex or the bank* that this had happened. All I got was the normal "payment confirmed" email from the apartment complex so I thought everything was fine.

Today I see on the door that I have a notice explaining all the late fees and such...totaled to about $150 extra on top of the rent that I owed.

I went in to speak to the people at the leasing office during lunch today and the first lady I spoke with basically told me I'm screwed as "they don't have the ability to waive any fees because they come from corporate". I kind of just stared at her... all I was trying to do was work with them as I had been a resident here for like a year and half and being 1 day late shouldn't incur a $150 fee considering I'm on an auto-debit payment system and there was a technical problem. It wasn't like I just didn't have the money...I was looking for some human compassion here.

Pretty ticked off at her unhelpful responses, I cooled off and tried again after work, but this time talked to a different lady. Was as polite as could possibly be and she immediately pulled up my account on the computer, saw that I had never had a late payment (ever) and said that these kinds of things happen with the automatic payment system. After explaining to her the problems with the auto-debit system, she immediately waived all the fees like it was nothing. (So much for them not having that ability, lol...what a load of bullshit)

I guess being nice to people will get you a lot farther than acting like a prick?...or maybe first lady was just a bitch. Either way, it pissed me off that I had to come back a second time to get my problem resolved....