Bit Non-coherent

So I've deactivated Facebook and I've been rolling back on texting people or going out.

School is a bit shit, I'm struggling to remember why I'm doing this degree.

There's a chance I'll drop out and be back to minimum wage shit work. I may not be cut out for higher education.

Lifting, conversation, DJing, cleaning: they're all chores I'm doing because I have to. The only thing I actually enjoy right now is Peep Show, but I'm halfway through Series 4; after that, who knows. No pressing interests; no excitement about anything.

Not gonna lie, friends. Charlie Brown is in a bit of a bad way.

All my friends are graduating and since my hobbies and interests tend towards negative infinity, my social circle is shrinking.

I've booked an appointment with a counselor to get this whole thing sorted.

I'm lazy, unintelligent, and dispassionate. I do not belong in university. I do not belong in life.

The happiest moments for me are when I'm sleeping.

Gave me advice or offered me a way to fix my life, I doubt I follow through on it. That must mean that I enjoy being like this (or I'm lazy).

I am a defeatist. The only thing stopping me from my dreams is me. That's depressing.

I've been miming hobbies, passions, relationships, intelligence, and charisma for years with the hope that it would last. So far it seems like it hasn't. It's too much work. It's a chore to see my friends. I go out because I know that it would be good for me. Even drinking's a chore; I just think to myself "when am I going to be sober again?"

I made a mass meal slop that has protein, fibrous vegetables, and carbs that I've been eating every day for the past several days. It's like a chili which provides all the proper nutrients that the body needs.

It's not disgusting, it's not delicious, but it'll keep me going until the next meal of more of the same.

I've finally gotten what I wanted: a flat without roommates. No one to muck up the dishes, dump garbage on the floor, play loud music at night, race me to the bathroom, no one to watch movies with me, no one to chat and drink with when the power goes out. No one.