My aunt's new bloke is a racist idiot and it's infuriating.

Staying on nice neutral topics to be polite. What does your son do etc. "He want's to be in the police doing counter terrorism." So I'm like, oh will he move to London then? Thinking that's normal thing to say, join the met, big counter terrorist unit etc. He goes "He'll have to because he's not a Pakistani single mum. He won't get in the police here."
Obviously I'm like, wtf. And he starts going on about how because of quotas white people can't get jobs in Yeovil police force. He says a mate of his got turned down three times and every time he was the best candidate but they said they had to hire "some ethnic". Now, not only is this straight up racist bullshit, it's also fucking ridiculous. How stupid can you be? Your mate got turned down three times? What do you think the quota is? Ten percent? (More likely five or smaller but anyway). Now it's illegal to hire someone worse because of ethnicity, they have to at least be of the same standard, but ignoring that, lets work in his dreamworld where the police in Yeovil hire unqualified people to tick some boxes. The quota is ten percent, that means three times, your mate was worse than ninety percent or the intake. Worse than ninety percent, three times. Was it political correctness that meant he didn't get a job? Or was it because he was too shit to get a job? Did he just find it easier to make up a racist lie and say he didn't get the job because of "too many ethnics", than to say he failed to get a job. Do you repeat it because you prefer to say "I don't like all this political correctness.", than to tell the truth and say you want to continue being racist and you don't like it when people tell you not to.

He then went on to say about how when he was in army recruitment he asked people if they were gay when they joined to "make sure they had enough homos". When I pointed out that this is completely illegal he just gets all smug because he thinks that his fucking trump card is "life experience" despite the fact he could live forever and still be thick as shit.

My family think I'm radically left wing and it's a problem. I don't think it's unreasonable to not want to spend time with racists.