The First Seventy Two Hours in the New Flat

The move has, unsurprisingly, not gone as planned. Now I assumed when we arranged everything there would be some stress and difficulty; there's no such thing as an easy moving. But the last three days have not been easy.

Lets start a few days before the actual move. The SO and I had been staying with her family in the middle of fuckton and nowheresville, a quiet hamlet that most people in there forties or fifties would look at and go "this looks like the ideal sort of place to live, you're so far away from civilisation", but as a non-driver reliant on public transport is a terrible place to live because you're so far away from civilisation. Needless to say in the last month I was trying my hardest not to butt heads with my SO's extended family.

Anyway, her brother, being a kind and considerate fellow, caught a terrible cold, and as always happens, this spread around the entire household. So by last Friday, the day before the move when everything has to get ready, we're all far too sick to do it and are working with minimal strength and energy. Keep in mind due to circumstances, some of these cardboard boxes have been in storage for a couple of months, and are starting to fall apart.

Then the actual move happens. That actually went well. Two hours to load and unload everything onto and off of a van, and up two flights of stairs. Kind of impressive considering we're stopping every other minute to wheeze and splutter everywhere.

Her family spend several hours hanging around afterwards. Every part of me wanted them to fuck off, if for no other reason than I hadn't had a chance for so much as a fap, much less sex in a month, and was really eager to get some long overdue alone time with the SO. Of course, when they did eventually leave we finally got to it, but it was that underwhelming quick fumble two people do when both of them are having to stop for coughing fits and have no energy, instead of the big romantic event we'd been assuming. Still, sex is sex, even bad sex is still a plus, so I can't dwell on that too much.

But this is where the problems start coming up. We are currently woefully underfurnished in this flat, having only one office chair between two people until a sofa arrives in about four weeks. Which means we're trying to figure out a way to sit on bags of clothes to avoid sitting on hard floors all the time. Not overly practical. Have been out looking for something to sit on, such as a bean bag or some sort of patio chair, or something, anything, that would be better than being on the floor. However, the town we've moved two, while certainly a lot better than fuckton and nowheresville, doesn't appear to have anywhere that would sell that sort of furniture (at least at this time of year), and our only option is to order one and wait merely a week for both of us to have something to sit on, instead of a month.

We've also got no heating. We found the boiler, followed the instructions to the letter, and have done everything possible to try and get it on but no luck. We don't know if we've missed something, or the gas has been capped, or anything, and upon realising this Saturday afternoon, have had no luck contacting the people who own the flat to ask them for assistance getting heat. Which has meant a couple of chilly nights while both of us are trying our best to get over a terrible cold. 

Finally, in a fit of great intelligence, my SO threw up in the night onto a pile of tissue. Being a clever and rational sick person, she threw them in the toilet, and left them there. Come this morning, having forgotten she'd done that, she took a shit, went to flush and and managed to clog the toilet with a combination of sick covered tissues, turds, mucus and evidently it appears she may just have started her period. So that will be my Monday morning while I take a sick day from work, trying not to puke with my hand in a toilet full of every disgusting bodily waste possible. Naturally, we hadn't even managed to get a plunger, or a bowl, or any kind of rubber gloves yet.

Meanwhile, despite being iller than she's been in a long while, the SO has made an effort to go to work. Commendable maybe, but I just know she's going to be sent straight back at best, or at worst, to the hospital. 

So here we are, after 72 hours, sick as hell, in a cold flat with no heating, sharing an office chair, having already clogged the toilet. This flat was meant to be a fresh start, a nice place for me and the SO to call our own, and go back to being a happy couple after a year of long distance back and forthing. This weekend was meant to be a celebration of returning together, and a sign of things to come for us. Instead it's been quite shitty.