My toxic roommate

I need to get this off my chest.

We're both students and the only reason that we are roommates is because I missed out rooming with my buddies due to a job offer (failed obviously) in another city. It turns out there were many reasons he couldn't find roommates.

I thought he was decent enough since we both volunteer a lot of our time for a children's charity, but that's his only redeeming quality. It only took a few weeks for him to show his true colors.

* He's power hungry and controlling
* He has a toxic personality
* He is inconsiderate
* He is lazy 

His field of study is something along the lines of security, ie. he wants a government job busting narcs and is an FBI wannabe. He gravitates towards anything that involves bossing people around, including a security job as well as a planner for the charity we are in. The funny thing is that he brags about what a great leader he is when he's incompetent and wonders why no one on his committee likes working for him.

He likes to call me "buddy" on the phone and when his girlfriend is around, but otherwise he greets me with a grunt or a silent death stare.

We started off agreeing to share groceries, and I'll concede that we naturally fell into our own schedules and it didn't last. Weeks have gone by, and we've been independent on food, and he has the nerve to call me to tell me that he's wasting money on me and will begin shopping for only himself. Before this call, the only thing we shared was milk and bread, which we have been taking turns buying.

He doesn't clean up his dishes and has gone up to a week before cleaning up. I've cleaned up a couple times for him, but I usually don't to avoid training him into thinking I'm his goddamn maid. I left the kitchen immaculate one night only to come back later that they've left a mess and the sink FULL of dirty dishes. This is not exclusive to the kitchen; I am the only one who cleans the rest of the apartment.

He's incredibly wasteful. We split our bills but he seems to think it is okay to leave the lights in his room and the rest of the apartment on while he is gone. He falls asleep on the couch every week after I've gone to bed. In the morning, he's still sleeping with the TV and the lights on. When our electric bill shot up, he laughed at the proposition that we be more careful with leaving the lights on.

His girlfriend is his best friend's ex. And yes, she cheated on him and slept with my roommate, now they are going out. It seems that she is attracted to complete assholes, as his former best friend was also a jerk. He spends so much money on her and wants to marry her. **This sounds wrong, but the only thing keeping me from slashing his tires is the satisfaction from knowing that their relationship won't even last five years: the girl is bound to either cheat on him or leave since he is so controlling. I've never wished harm to anybody in my life, but if he were to perish in a horrible vehicular accident tonight, I would not even bat an eyelid.**


He deserves whatever happens to him along the road.

&lt;/rant&gt;

