Rant about my University phase

I don't know if this is the place to figure out my inner conflicts, hopefully just by writing I can get out of this funk. If this post gets removed then may I just say *fuck you arse-hole*.

I go by whole days without so much as touching a reading, I told myself I wouldn't fuck this up- that I would study hard and be one of the best students. While I'm prominent in University, I'm sub-par fuck up surrounded by slackers whom I've come to resemble. It is midnight for me, and I'm positive I fucked up.

University was suppose to be fun; it was suppose to be a period where I made real friends who had a thirst for academic knowledge. I was promised community, yet all I got was a bunch if hipsters who see me as akin to a town dog. Why did they lie to me, why did they build me up for something that will never be? I would've gone to University anyway, they didn't have to entice me with a fictional University life.

There's this constant conflict between two choices: to be social or to study. People will tell me that I can balance the two, but my university isn't a typical university: there's no clubs, it's in the middle of no where, people don't hang around the place. It's not that hard for me to meet new people, it's just fucking annoying how irregular our meet ups are.

I guess that's what bothers me: the irregularity of it all. I have no idea where I'm heading with any of this. Due dates change, the readings aren't always required, lessons vary between discussing assessments to skimming over readings and assessments don't appear to develop anything, nor are they ever looked back on.

'When is something going to happen?' I ask myself. It's the same crap everyday but in varying combinations. Talk, study, leer, eat and pace around the campus to pass time. I'm sick of ending days with but a few blase conversations under my belt. When the hell am I going to get laid? When am I going to find a girl who isn't taken? When will I be invited to something? Where the fuck do these people go? I thought we were chummy, we talked about serious issues- does that not matter?

I get nothing out of this place. The people are boring, that's right- don't tell me otherwise- I've done my share of the heavy lifting, these people are nothing more than conversationalists. I'm sick of talking, I want to root, dance, fight and gallop down the grassy hills! THESE PEOPLE DON'T DO ANYTHING BUT TALK AND PLAY WITH THEIR FUCKING PHONES!

I'm an ass for making the assumption that Uni could give me an active social life- but only because my elders led me to believe so. I should give up on being social at Uni, where's the point? But if I immerse myself in my study, I'm left feeling isolated with no validation. I need a community, I need scheduled interaction that isn't a counsellor- I need to feel alive.