No sense of humor.

So I posted a BLB on adviceanimals and received some flak calling me heartless, cruel, a terrible person etc.

I don't really care too much. I've been called worse by better people. What bothers me is that people aren't able to laugh at the hard times in their lives.

I've gone through some shit in my life, and always been able to laugh at myself and the situation. There are times that I would have killed myself if I hadn't found the power to step back and just laugh. Even if its just at how awful the last week or days have been.

If you walk around with a fucking stick up your ass, angry all the time, and you feel like the victim, I truly pity you. Negativity isn't going to make your situation better. 

For one, there is probably someone getting jack in the anus by two or three large men in a prison somewhere, which will result in them getting Hepatitis. Hell I'd even say one of those guys is falsely incarcerated. Even that guy doesn't have it the worst (Although it is pretty bad) If you can't realize that, and laugh at your own petty contrivances you need to get over yourself.

Bad things are going to happen. Your house is going to burn down, your cars going to get rammed into. You'll get fired, or laid off. Your wife is going to cheat on you...with your Evangelical Priest sister. You dog will get parvo. Your cats probably got FIV already. 

Life happens. Often times life happens in unfortunate ways. I think the true test of character is how you deal with it. If you get cancer and can't laugh while you're crying that I feel bad for you.

Every cloud has a silver lining, you just have to look for it. Life's too short to go around angry all the time. 

So the next time something bad happens to you, stop for a second and think "Do I know anybody he's got it worse right now? Probably. If not, is there somewhere on this planet that's got people who have it worse than I do? Definitely."  

Don't believe me? You have the internet, life can't be THAT awful. I've been in the shittiest places in this world, I can tell you first hand. I'd rather take the innocent prison rape than live the abject lifestyle that some people are born into.

TLDR GROW THE FUCK UP AND REALIZE YOUR LIFE INS'T SO FUCKING AWFUL.

Thanks have a nice day.