The Entitled - A Rant About Abusing the System.

I have been lurking all of Reddit for a few weeks now, however this is my first post. To be honest, I am a little nervous putting a rant out there to the internet world, but I feel that I am not alone in this feeling.

Recently I've been hearing things relating to an "entitlement" attitude in my generation. I've noticed. In fact, I started to notice after high school, when I started college. Fresh and naive, thinking my hard work in high school would reward me financially as I prepared for the next phase of my education. This is what my rant is really about. My high marks mattered very little, and instead what mattered was my parents' income.

Now, I didn't grow up rich, but I come from a family of business owners and hard workers. Small town stuff, but it still made an impact on me in a thousand plus ways. Our family lived comfortably, and I started to work at 14. My grandfather's old world mindset gave me a kind of work ethic that is glaringly absent in a lot of the kids that come through and work at my job now. 

So, maybe my blood wouldn't boil as much if I didn't grow up comfortably. Maybe I have my own entitlement attitude. Maybe I just feel cheated. My parents earned their way to a nice life for me and my brother, but paying from their pockets for college just wasn't an option when I was turned down for financial aid. I took out loans. No big deal. I didn't even think twice about it at the time, I knew that it just meant I would have to pay it all back. Again, fresh and naive.

What I saw when I got to college was, initially, very exciting. I went to the same small school for my whole life, and now there were hundreds of new eager faces waiting to learn and excel in their respective fields. What I didn't expect was how many people would disappear after 60% of the semester had passed... what? This blew my mind. Over and over the professors and staff would remind us that our financial aid would be revoked if we didn't have a 60% presence in each class.

What I also didn't expect was all the new ipods, car sound systems, video game systems, flashy TVs... they all disappeared around 60% too... this is starting to irritate me all over.

So here I was, worked hard, eager to pursue my education, with no taxpayer funded assistance... and there they were, taking all of that free money, and running.

How is this happening? Why is this okay? I saw a facebook post today of a literal pile of stuff, just days after he posted that he received his financial aid. Fuming... I had to comment. What makes you more entitled to your flashy bullshit, than me to an education? He says "this is money that i earned and worked hard for and I can do whatever I want with it." No, I worked hard, and I got nothing. So again, what makes you more entitled to your flashy bullshit than me to an education?

I could have spent my loans on crap. And I did, I bought a pair of nice headphones, I think they were $149 and they were Bose. I loved them and used them every day (lots of art classes and library time). And I paid my rent because I could only afford to split a house with five people than take out more loans for a dorm on campus. I paid utilities, I bought gas, I bought food, I bought supplies. I couldn't afford books, so I didn't buy them. I literally bought ZERO books my last year, and either borrowed, used a library copy, or a professor's copy if they were cool. I learned how to research credible sources because I didn't always have a book when I needed it. Most of the time the material covered in class would cover important sections in the book. 3.85 GPA with my degree, along with being president of a club for three semesters consecutively, and working close to 40 hours while taking classes over full time. NO bullshit. No flashy crap. Hard work. I am the kind of student the government should be INVESTING in, not even just ASSISTING. (Is that my entitlement attitude coming out?)

I'm sure there are plenty of people who do use financial aid responsibly. However, it sickens me how OFTEN I hear "when I get my check from school..." followed by some self centered material shit. How do we stop the madness?

I can apply practically the same attitude, and nearly the same actions, to people who abuse other government services. It all sickens me. I think about how hard my family has worked. How many dollars they've given to the government from that hard work. How many dollars have I given? These selfish, narcissistic assholes don't give a single solitary fuck. Someone tell me why this is okay.

I do wonder what everyone else thinks about this.