I hate being around terrible people I crave independence

I hate depending on people or working with people in whose actions effect me. I have a emotionally unstable couple of coworkers, they can go from calm to screaming matches at the blink of an eye. Sometimes its at each other and sometimes its at me. I was not raised by the logic of who ever screams the loudest wins. I can talk my issues out with inside voices and completely hear all sides calmly. (my ex girlfriend was the opposite, but I digress) Today my coworker was going to use the company car, the one which we all share and frequently use throughout the day. I see him leaving to use it, he comes back in and says "Where are the keys??" I say "In the car like always", he says "NO THEY'RE NO..YOU CAN SHOW ME WHERE THEN..blah blah blah THEY ARE THE ONLY KEYS WE HAVE, STANDING OVER ME.." I am thinking what the hell..go out and look again idiot..they are they're but sure I like to think I am a nice guy I will show you EXACTLY where no problem. As we are walking out him towering over me (trying) because he is as swole as a pencil stick, he says under his breath..."Oh well maybe its in the seat.." I walk out show and point in the seat where the keys are in plain view. He says "guess im blind" and leaves..comes back later and no apology no nothing. This stresses me out....Why the bullshit why the puffing up of the chest...We are on the same team. Why are you yelling at a team member when you are to lazy to use an extra 5 seconds and think before you go off the rails that the keys aren't in the ignition they are in the drivers seat....I hate being around people in general for this. I go home after work and this stresses me out for hours and hours. I did'nt do anything wrong, No body deserves to be yelled at, no one. Use inside voices all conflict can be resolved. Why does everyone want to scream the loudest...I will never understand. I cannot stand to be in that environment.  I would rather be alone where I can do what needs to be done. I don't have to depend on anything, I don't have to deal with people who are unstable, I don't have to be around a manager that is dumber than i am. How are you supposed to work for someone like that. and if i tell my boss anything he says not my problem. You are not being a manager...you are destroying the workplace. It is a destructive atmosphere. It is managers job to make sure the workplace is stable and efficient not do less than the workers you manage....I enjoy being away from life. I enjoy being independent. I feel like i could do any job in the world. The hardest fucking job. IF the people are great people to work, live and be around. Period.

Thanks rant over.