Sometimes it's the girl who is the asshole

I have just been rejected by this girl for the 6th time. She has ditched me to pursue things with her ex and I have stood by her side. When that didn't workout she went back to another ex who was physically abusive. I stood by her side. I have waited while she dated and slept around with other guys. Every time I asked her out she would never give me a clear yes or no answer. She always told me how she is not ready to date someone yet but we could date in the future. Did she ever acknowledge it? No she did not. I never even got a thank you from her for just being a good friend yet I still stood by her side. Over the summer she met this guy and talked about how he is different from all the other guys that she has met. She practically rubbed it in my face. One day he ended up cutting her out of his life completely. Same thing with another guy that she dated last March. He came back and out of nowhere cut her out of his life. No explanation given. I have tried seeing other people and it didn't work out. Just now her and I talked and she kept complaining how if she wasn't fat that guys would like her. I told her right then and there that she is perfect the way she is. I told her how beautiful she is. I basically poured my heart to her and once again she didn't even acknowledge it. Her response "hahaha I'm not beautiful" She went on to ramble about how she hooked up with some guy and how she was the side girl. She also said the only time guys text her is when they want sex. I have texted her even when I wasn't bored. I have texted her when I wanted to talk to her. She was complaining how a guy never wants to take her out on a date and how she should starve herself. I have asked her out six time and every time it was a no. I couldn't care less that she is a bigger girl. I use to be 200 pounds and I got judged a lot for my physical appearance. Being 155 pounds I still get a lot of shit from women about my appearance. I know the feeling of being judged by your physical appearance which is why I try my hardest to not judge others. Now I know what women who read this will say "Just because you are a nice guy doesn't mean anything" This has nothing to do with that. This has to do with the fact that she constantly says how there are no good guys out there yet I have proven to her how great of a guy I am. Sometimes it's the guy who is an asshole but at times the girl can be an asshole too. 