The wonderful world of psychiatry and italics

I was diagnosed Bipolar I in January of this year and I had a routine medicine check-up with my psychiatrist yesterday. At my last visit, my Trileptal was increased to "the ideal dose" of 900 mg, my Adderall was bumped up to 15 mg twice a day, and my Xanax was replaced in favor of Klonopin for a new diagnosis of Generalized Anxiety Disorder.



I adjusted to the Adderall and Klonopin after the first week, but the increased Trileptal had me dreading "pill time" every evening. It made me walk like a drunken sailor, gave me vivid nightmares and made it hard to wake up in the morning, did nothing for the depression and anger issues, my anxiety worsened, and made me feel tired and sick overall.



Then my psychiatrist said that since none of my mood stabilizers have really worked, she might have misdiagnosed me as having bipolar disorder when I probably don't; my ADHD and anxiety issues are mimicking mood swings. And with that, she said she'd put in a referral for a psychological evaluation and we'd go from there.



I'm equal parts infuriated and disappointed. There are *tons* of medications to treat bipolar disorder, yet she only tried three. I was first prescribed Trileptal, an anticonvulsant that hasn't been well-studied or approved for use in bipolar patients. She added Lamictal around February and I took both pills together for six months. When that combo started to lose effectiveness, she had me try Trileptal with Prozac, even though I explicitly told her several times I had a bad experience with SSRIs and didn't want to be put on one if I could avoid it.



There are other incidents, particularly where she ignored me for months when I told her I thought I had ADHD and it was severely affecting my life; she didn't listen to me until I told her I almost inadvertently killed myself shortly before Thanksgiving because I forgot to make sure the gas stove was completely turned off.



I feel like she doesn't take me seriously. I feel like she doesn't believe I have a problem. I feel like she's given up on me. And all three of those things are the worst feelings in the world, especially when they're coming from a medical professional you really believed in.



To make matters worse, my husband isn't there for me (as usual). She's a psychiatrist and I'm not, ergo she automatically knows more about me than I do and I'm throwing a fit because she told me something I didn't want to hear. I'm just being emotional and irrational -- which is normal because I'm a woman -- and I'm incapable of viewing the situation *logically* like him. Yeah, because I *totally* want to have bipolar disorder. I *totally* want a neurodegenerative disease that increases my risk of Alzheimers, Parkinsons, and who knows what else. I *totally* want to be dependent on poisonous or highly experimental drugs capable of wrecking my endocrine system just so I can function like a regular person. 



No, what I want more than anything is for someone to fucking listen to me.