After such a good extended weekend, this just had to happen, just ruined it all.

This last week and until Tuesday was my fall break, Im a senior in HS. I was happy for a break from school. I am doing mostly well, but the senioritis is starting to set it, I just needed to pull back, and redouble my efforts for the rest of this semester and then my work load would peter down quite a bit. But I just looked at the date today on my computer, and then It hit my like a sack of fucking bricks... Two days ago, on the 25th of October, was the day of ACT Exams, it was on Saturday, which is stupid as fuck, since the PSAT and SAT are during school. But to add to the stupidity factor, they made it around seven in the morning, no big deal during school hours, since that about the time school starts, but after having Friday off, and celebrating, then having to come into school on your fucking day off, is a real pisser. On Thursday, I remembered the date and time of the Exam, Friday was awesome, It was a day off and I needed it. Saturday I awoke around noon, didnt remember the exam. Fast forward to Monday night, gotta go to school tomorrow. Doing hmwk. then glance at the date, then it hits me. I instantaneously emit intense rage molecules from my body in the form of a deep, angry sigh. A sigh that could have made you gone deaf, because quelling inside of me, was intense rage, rage against the factor of stupidity I am. I am incredibly pissed off. I feel like climbing a goddamn building and jumping off and landing on some poor fucking sap to end it for us both. Im not depressed this is just really pissing me off, tomorrow ill be in a bad mood for the whole day. I might just deck someone for any stupid smart ass comment. If there was ever a time I wanted to kill myself in a painful way, this would be the closest ive ever felt wanting to do that. Tomorrow i have to talk to the school guidance counselor to see if there is a re-schedule time. Ive already paid for the test, printed out my ticket and waited a fucking month. All for nothing. Fuck this and FUCK YOU.  