Shopping experiences that make me fear for humanity. (UK - Aldi)

-- Okay, a little back story. I'm a 20 y/o female who works full-time, educated, brought up in a good way blahblah (live in North East England in the voted "worst place to live" ... but we're not all hopeless, I promise) --

Just experienced the biggest tosser ever in Aldi. I was putting my items on the conveyor belt near to the end so I could place my basket away. This old man came and went straight to the cashier and placed his items. I thought he may have some sort of dementia therefore confused, so I let it slide being a good human being and all. 

He paid for his stuff and just before he left he said to the cashier "Don't I deserve a round of applause for that?" and then walked off... Fucking piece of shit. I thought you were senile, you cunt. The worst thing is that the cashier didn't say something like "this lady was here first" (he may have thought the same as me - dementia or something - so I didn't think much of it when the guy first approached) but he didn't even apologise for the guys behaviour afterwards. 

I don't care how cheap your chicken is or that it's convenient as it's on my way home from work, I'm never shopping in Aldi again! I've had nothing but bad experiences in there, full to the brim with complete idiots who have a lack of consideration for other people (I want to get some bananas - LOOK AROUND YOU AND STOP MOVING WHERE I AM TRYING TO WALK). For the most part their staff don't care and are operating a system that, yes does save money, but makes customer experience SHIT and over-works their staff making the cycle repeat even further! (If you didn't know they have this weird system where no one is given a proper work title and you pretty much do everything. I have a few friends who've worked there and they've all quit - just Google something like "working at aldi" and you'll find out.) I'd encourage everyone to go elsewhere... I'd even recommend MORRISON'S over Aldi, and that's saying something because it's a grot-hole.

He's lucky that I'm a good member of society and, rather than acting out on my emotions, I come home and swear on the internet - otherwise he would be hurting right now... How are we supposed to "respect our elders" when they pull shit like this? Scum. There's enough going on in the world so you don't have to act like a prick. Be considerate. I bet you've raised your children and they've raised their children like that too. No wonder my town is full of fucking idiots who have children when they're still in school and live on MY FUCKING TAXES all of their lives.

A similar thing happened yesterday when I popped to the shop for some last minute bits and bobs. I parked outside of a hair salon (bare in mind this was at like 5pm on a Sunday so everything apart from Tesco was closed) and some old guy started saying something to me across the street and laughing to himself (all I heard was something something hair salon) and I just kind of laughed it off and walked away because I thought he was also senile... No, he stopped in the street, put his hands down his trousers and pulled out a can of beer!

What the fuck?! What is wrong with people these days?! 

Also, I thought I'd mention that I have family who are Learning Difficulty nurses (work with dementia patients and blah too) and also two grandparents who were affected by Dementia/Alzheimers so I'm not taking the piss or anything - I know what it's like and the signs etc ... I probably didn't need to mention that but I thought I would in case it may offend anyone - I don't mean for it to be :)