Fuck Pinecones

For shame. 

Shame is the acid that eats away the bridge foundations of my self-confidence.
 
But shame is also the righteous weapon of my conscience, the one who slaps me to and fro when I fuck up or gently but firmly guides me toward an apology

I feel shame in this city. This is why I must leave. It was not immoral to leave her. It was not selfish either, although there was selfishness involved in the process of our breakup. 

EXPAND: Selfishness- the ability to keep dating someone because of the good feelings that they give you in spite of an increasing sense that you should not continue to see this person 

This is why I feel shame when I see her. Because she wanted me to fight for us. She wanted me to read things. Lovely, encouraging essays about love and the male brain and fickle behavior. She was an idealist, and she was a hard-working lover. 

Not me. I am a pinecone. I preferred to suck the life out of my tree until one day, I was simply done with that. Bored. Then I jumped from her branches and landed on a bed of needles, praying for better things, but only finding...well... myself! And plenty of it. When you try to love someone, you give part of yourself to them, and they have to deal with it, good and bad. You are connected to them. This makes it easier to look at yourself in the mirror, because the one you love assures you that (from what they can see) you're ok. You're something nice. So you can look at the parts of you that nobody can see, and you can smile and say, "Goddammit, she's right! I am ok."

Now, when you become single, you pack your things up. You take your shit out of her house and you delete those less physical ties (like Facebook communications) and you get reacquainted with your whole self. Then you're like, holy shit man, who is this sorry character?

So anyways, now, when I see her on the street, I feel shame. She's happy dating someone else, and I'm single, and I hurt her really badly, so I should stay that way. I don't really think she wishes me anything at all. She is probably very-much looking forward to our mutual graduations when we flee to the far corners of wherever and stare at our own respective blank walls. It's as bland as that for her now, I hope. See my biggest flaw is that I continue to let the way that she used to be disappointed in me (after the deed) to have an influence in how I live today. Even though I know it was for the best, and I shouldn't regret ending a relationship that was getting one-sided. I have no confidence. It sucks. Stupid, eh? 

So confidence, as we were discussing, is a victim to ill-placed shame. What can reverse this reaction? What can build up my foundations and reassure myself that I'm not a shitty person anymore? What can let me walk through life with a big smile, totally comfortable with myself? Hell if I know. I'm just a fucking pinecone. 
