Just my little vent after seeing posts about praying for one person struggling with their own petty issues on facebook.

 I apologize to anyone who is offended bu what I have posted, but if you are offended, than you should look closely at what you have prayed for recently. This is not a reality check fro Christians, nor any religion, this is a wake up call for humanity. If we cloud our interests with blinders of what we see only in social media and news broadcasts, then we make ourselves blind to reality. sometimes we need to look deeper than what we find convenient to see. 

Ebola, being the one thing Media has started a goldmine for. Yes, a few cases have happened in the U.S.A, but how many lives already have been lost around the world? Can you name even 5 of the almost 5,000 and counting who have already died around the world? Can you name even 10 of the 200,000 who have died in the Iraqi war? Can you name even 1 person who has lost their life in the conflict in Egypt? 

My point is not to criminalize your prayers for one person, what you do, you do out of the kindness of your heart, and the belief that what you pray for has meaning by posting that you have indeed prayed for this one person. My point is that instead of posting that this one person needs a prayer, there are hundreds of thousands out there that need your action, as well as your prayers. 

Help stop the repetitive nature we have all come to accept as the normal, by looking out for those we can name simply because they are important to one we call friend, Decide to call all of humanity friend, by not only praying for those who need it, but by educating yourselves as to what is really going on. Send good thoughts, prayers, and well wishes, but do more. Send food and clothing to those who have less than even clean drinking water. Send warm cloths to those who have lost everything. Educate your children on what is really important. Not just what they see on Facebook or other media. 

If we have a voice to speak, why not use it to speak for those who can not speak for themselves? Skip your Latte, to feed those who can not feed themselves. Pass on that movie theater premiere to house those who have no home. Pass on that night out with the girls or guys, to give some manner of relief to the families who go hungry and live in destitute. 

Again, I must apologize if I have offended anyone, but if what I have written here tonight has truly offended you, than I have nothing to apologize for.