Fuck you, Sean, you made my life miserable

Good fucking god does this still affects me. I trusted you. I trusted you, I fell in love with you and we had something going on. You hold me, you looked me in the eyes every fucking day and just stared at me like I meant something. You made me feel safe and happy and special. You made me laugh and no, I am absolutely sure it wasn't just the sex for you, even though that's what you said to every single one of the guys in the dorm, you fucking piece of shit.

I fell in love with you and you were so coward to stop talking to me so suddenly. And you are such a chicken that it was your friend who told me all the truth. Ladies and gentleman, this man, this fucking man child made me feel loved and then stopped talking to me all of a sudden and that's when I found out that he was dating for 4 and a half years and that he was getting married.

Fuck you, Sean. You made me feel so stressed that I couldn't sleep for days. Do you know what it feels like to realise that the sun is up and you haven't even rested an eyelid the whole night? Of course you must now, all you did was partying and pulling all nighters. But you don't know the desperation I felt. It wasn't you who'd wake up with the pillow covered with hair because of the stress. I actually still am taking medicines for it to grow back, you stupid cunt.

It's been almost 2 months and I still can't foccus enough in college. I have to take 2 sedatives everyday and I feel like shit. I take 4 pills a day and it's all your fault. I hate you and I hate the fact that I still hold on to your memory and that I will catch a train in February to visit your ex good friend that is now my good friend. Yes, because you are such a childish fuck that you stopped talking to him just because he was true to me.

You are nothing and sometimes I hope that your lovely girlfriend finds out and break up with you. I don't know what you told her, because she blocked me, even though I don't give a fuck, but I do am interested in what did you say. Did you tell more of your lies? Why did you do this? I'm too young to be this fucked up by someone.

I feel you took something from me that I can't have back. So fuck you for that. Fuck you for still being a part of my life and fuck you for everything. I wish I haven't met you, ever. I'd still have my lovely hair, you bitch. (No, i'm not bald).

FUCK YOU