Society in the UK is broken

Ok, lets face it society in the UK is completely broken. The concepts of freedom and democracy may seem to be present in society but this is simply an illusion to prevent people from rebelling against an avaricious and selfish government that cares more about furthering the economy than helping its citizens find jobs and lead fulfilling lives. What freedom really means in the UK is freedom to be socially excluded from society, freedom to live in soul-destroying poverty and be discriminated against on a daily basis. Specifically if you're in anyway different from the majority of the population you are going to be discriminated against in some way, it is inevitable. The unfortunate reality is that society in the UK alienates the most vulnerable people and aids those that are the most privileged. For example the government is constantly condemning the unemployed and those that rely on the welfare state for basic sustenance all the while doing little to actually help these unfortunate people to actually find work and what's more they completely ignore a selection of very rich people who avoid paying what little taxes they actually have to pay now (Thanks to the conservative party) by committing fraud in a number of ways be it hiding their money in offshore bank accounts or using other methods. These greedy individuals are the ones who are actually the most burden to society and cost the government the most money. But are these selfish people ever brought to justice, very rarely I'm sorry to say. I am aware that yes some people who claim unemployment benefit are reluctant to get a job but this is a very small minority of people no matter what the government states. Also, Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people are still discriminated against  on a regular basis in the UK and socially excluded from society, in schools especially and the workplace, is anything being done by the government to stop this? No, instead charities try to encourage tolerance in the community with what little funding they have. Bottom line, if the UK government don't take serious steps to improve society for individuals and continue their avaricious scheme which creates inequality and misery then any hope the downtrodden have to live a fulfilling and happy life is dimmed. 