Where the fuck can I get some raccoon shit tested?

There was some noise outside the last few nights.  I didn't realize it was in the backyard.

I went on the back porch today and saw that the screen had been ripped out.  Oh, and some fucking animal shat in the pool on the pool steps.  Whatever, I can just clean it up, dump in a shitton of chlorine and be done with it, right?

RIGHT?!

Hell no!

I was curious about what type of animal might shit in a swimming pool.  there were seeds in the feces so I assumed raccoon and googled examples of raccoon shit, for science!  

I just had to google raccoon feces.  One of the options google gave me just *had* to be raccoon feces in pool.  I was so incredibly curious, I just *had* to click it.  Motherfucking CDC in top results. 

Cue mild panic.  *do these motherfuckers carry ebola?!?!?!*

Who knows and who cares.  They carry something called baylisascaris, essentially a raccoon round worm.  It is very bad for little kids to be exposed and CHLORINE DOESN'T KILL THE EGGS which can apparently survive forever in the environment like some invisible zombie egg waiting to feast on brains and wiggle around in your eyes after you ingest them during what was the last fun day you will ever have in a swimming pool.

Our pool was designed by a moron and there is no possible way to drain it without sucking a shitton of air in through the skimmer.  We don't know if the main drain even works.  This complicates things.

The CDC recommends contacing your local animal control or health department to get the feces tested.  EXCELLENT IDEA!  Just fish the shit out of the pool for some fecal float fun and we should have an answer as to whether we attempt to burn out the pool pump draining the poorly designed temporary raccoon toilet.

Animal control didn't know where I could get the fecal test done so they referred me to Florida Fish and wildlife.  The lady I spoke to at animal control must have misunderstood me because she gave me the phone number for the nuisance alligator hotline.  (Maybe she thought I wanted to do a fecal on gator?  That sounds dirty.)  

The nuisance alligator hotline referred me to the local office for Florida fish and wildlife.

FL fish and wildlife's local office referred me to the county health department.

The county health department referred me to the county Environmental Health Department.

The Environmental Health Department referred me BACK TO MOTHERFUCKING ANIMAL CONTROL.

Whargggarbl!!!

I even called a fucking veterinarian's office.  They don't do fecal tests unless the 'patient' is established with their office.  I am not wrangling a wild raccoon, nosireebob.

This is absurd.