I'm sick of dealing with shit from transwomen.

I am a lesbian and I'm sick of dealing with so much shit from transwomen.
We get it, you're more oppressed than the LG and B people. We get it you suffer from a lot of violence and live in fear. I try my hardest to stand up for the T in that acronym and try my best to educate people on their misconceptions.
However I'm just about done. They make everything into a fucking issue and ride the victim train harder than they need to. I don't like walking on eggshells in fear of saying something that is perfectly fine to one T-woman that would be horribly offensive to another.
My lack of interest in fucking you does not mean I'm oppressing you. You are not entitled to have every single hetero male, gay female and bi everyone else to be willing to have sex with you or find you sexually attractive. Everyone has different tastes.
And when there are people out their who seek you out, you cry they are fetishizing you. We get it, you don't want to be viewed as "other" you want to be viewed a woman.
When I make a joke about how all my last relationships failed because they had penises and you eek in "Some women have penises!" Just makes me want to give up on taking you seriously. I know some of you have penises. I know some of you can't afford surgery, can't have surgery or don't want surgery. However not every conversation about someone else's sex life is about your genitals.
Your community can't get it's shit together. You are far too busy arguing with each other over acronyms, terminology etiquette, etc. that I'm no longer sure what they fuck you guys even want from the rest of us anymore. We try to include you but we don't know how because, again, it's all walking on eggshells. You attack each other worse than you attack anyone else. You are worse to each other than an office full of catty Cathys. Nothing makes you attack each other's blogs more than when someone shares their opinion on Ru Paul referring to himself as a Shemale.
You constantly try to find a reason to be offended about anything. You somehow manage to make everything about being a trans related issue. Some artist can post nudes of wounded war veterans and guarenteed one of you will pop out of nowhere and get offended that the photos didn't include a transwoman.
When someone responds and for some reason agrees with you, you attack them because they used the wrong terminology at one point.
Shit like this is why a lot of lesbians don't want you in their spaces. You don't know how to be a woman, you only know how to be a victim.

I posted this rant elsewhere and got a lot of upvotes and fellow transpeople agreeing with me... which resulted with me being banned and my post being deleted. Because minorities aren't allowed being called out on their faults by members of their own minority.