What am I suppose to say to that?

I went on a date with a girl I really like. Things went great until she said, "You know, I'm usually not into short guys you're probably the shortest guy I've dated (5'7"), but you're so easy to talk to" 

What am I suppose to say to that? "Thank you, I'm glad that my personality makes up for my height"? I know she meant it as a compliment but why say it like that? 

I've accepted the fact that for the most part being short is an unattractive quality for most women and that there are other qualities that are more important. Being short isn't a deal breaker for most though and I know this. 

But there's more... We get back to my place and start fooling around. She grabs my penis and says, "You're (penis) a little shorter than my ex, but you're way thicker, thicker is better. You're like  half a foot shorter (than my ex) but you're dick is nearly as long." 

Thank you? Because right before sex I want to think about your ex's dick. I know she's trying to compliment me but it bugs me that she compares me to others and it's just a huge turn off. We've being dating for a month and she keeps making these weird comparisons.

I'm probably being oversensitive but I don't want to be compared to anyone! 

She has smaller breasts and even though ideally I prefer a c cup, her A cups look absolutely perfect on her, she's petite and anything bigger than a B would look disproportionate. I don't say, "You know my last date had D cups but your A's look great on you" 

Her nose is kind of big and although that might not be the social standard of beauty she still looks gorgeous to me. Her nose also curves up a little and she makes me melt whenever she smiles even though it's asymmetrical. It's her nose and smile that makes her unique!

Fuck the norm, the average, the ideal that's boring! I'm me and you're you. Stop comparing me to other people. It hurts my feelings and it makes me think you're settling for me. You're beautiful and I wish you would tell me that without comparing me to someone else. 
