I ordered a mouse.

So, I ordered a mouse from a company I hadn't used before, "eBuyer". It had that cheapest price and didn't seem too bad, so I went ahead and bought it. It arrived on time, and after a couple days of using it I realised the sensor was dodgy. Whenever I play a game or go into a fast-movement scenario, the sensor stops completely at random times, only working again when I lift it and place it back down. I discover it's not a software problem, but the hardware.

So, I go ahead and create an RMA ticket. It's approved and I set a date for the collection of the product to return. This is when i'm told that I will get a fee if the product is found not to be faulty when tested. I don't care much for this at first, but I realise that this companies "testing team" is going to be shit. How are they meant to know you have to be in-game? They didn't even specify how large the fee is. Why would they even bother wasting their time, waiting for the fault to occur - as I said before, it occurs somewhat randomly. They don't have the supplies to test it properly, I mean, which company do you know that has a spare copy of CS:GO ready to test mice in? I don't want to send it back risking to pay even MORE money for this, and so I cancel the RMA, hoping i'll just be able to put up with it.

But, I hadn't given up yet. I turn to the manufacturer themselves, SteelSeries. They required proof of purchase etc, which I gave with no problem. Now they send me instructions to send it back; And their returns centre...is in fucking Denmark (I'm in the UK) and i'll have to pay around £10 again, but for delivery this time. Even then they too may also not notice the flaw, and I don't want to risk paying for delivery both to the centre and back.

So, here I am - With my faulty £45 mouse that I can't return without risking paying more money due to (most likely) shitty testing teams or long-distance returns. I'm really broke at the moment, and I won't be ordering from this company again. Amazon's was so easy when I had to return something a few months ago - Without a shadow of a doubt it was excellent service.