I'm sick of people throwing around words like "racism" and "sexism"

I just learned that Jared Diamond has been labeled a racist by many. Some people will label anyone who entertains the possibility that different groups of people have different traits a racist. I think I see the problem though.

&gt;rac·ism

&gt;noun

&gt;the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics or abilities specific to that race, especially so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races.

&gt;prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one's own race is superior.

The first part ("the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics or abilities specific to that race") is OK, not too bad. Unless you have a problem with the observation that all Black people are black (as in skin color), or that forensic scientists can identify a person's race from their genetic material. "Ability" is kind of a loaded word, but things like extra defense against the sun by having dark skin can be called abilities. Do we really want to call people racist for noticing that different groups of people are different?

I think the problem is with the words "inferior" and "superior." These words assign value; this is where it gets ugly. Words like "intelligence" and "athleticism" are not value-based words; they measure traits. But, most people assume they have a certain value, based on their own world-view. If Jared Diamond says something like, "indigenous peoples of the tropics would be innately more intelligent and capable than urbanized northerners," he's not saying they are inferior or superior. But many people automatically get offended because they think more intelligence is better than less intelligence, and call racism.

I see this kind of thing all over. Like when people say it's sexist against women that more of them stay home and take care of kids and more men go to work and make money. I agree that the gender-norms are sexist, because they limit what the individual may want to do. But I don't think it is any more sexist against women than men. To make that case, you have to assume that taking care of kids is inferior to making money, and why would you assume that? It could easily be argued that raising children is an equal, or even superior, role.

Richard Dawkins is being called a sexist for talking about logic. Some people from atheist movements want to "disown" him.

Also, all this "body-positive" stuff is annoying. Guys like girls with a small waist and an hour-glass figure, get over it. Women like certain body types on guys too. If you don't have that body type, it doesn't make you less of a person. If it's important to you to be attractive to others, then do what you can (exercise, eat healthy, ...). If you don't care about your attractiveness, then that is just fine. If you do care, but you have bad genetics, don't take it out on others that you want to be sexy but your genes make it hard. Sometimes life is unfair, but it's not always the fault of society or the media. Sometimes Mother Nature is the sexist one, she is the one that makes women go through pregnancy. Or, is the ability to give birth a wonderful gift? It depends what you value.

Be critical of other's value-systems, and challenge your own!