The way Americans view compromises in relationships makes me sick

I was born and raised in America but come from a Pakistani family. A culture in which most people from the past generation and even some today, have arranged marriages (there are some who date and marry someone of choice. Also, arranged today means basically the family meets suitors and then the girl and guy are given the option of who they would like to proceed with. Kind of like interviews.) Anyways, people in America are always so astonished at how low the divorce rate in those countries is even with arranged marriage and how HIGH it is in America. Well, I'll tell you a significant reason why. 

American society is based on the individual. We are taught to do what is best for ourselves and we have egos OUT THE ASS. We get into relationships and marriages and even small compromises seem to become an issue of pride. The amount of reddit posts I see where people ask if they should get back with someone or stay with someone where the circumstances in my eyes aren't severe enough to cut all ties. But so many responders are like "MOVE ON. YOU DESERVE BETTER." 

For example, I just read a post about how a guys SO wanted children within 4 years and he didn't want them for a bit longer. That's was their reason for breaking up. Redditors posted, "Find someone who can agree with that." OR find and settle for someone who wants the same thing with you in one aspect of life, which you can compromise in, marry them and then end up in divorce. You didn't like that person probably as much as the first but you couldn't stay with the first because of one disagreement? This is just an example of many scenarios. 

This obviously is a huge issue in actual marriages. People refuse to meet in the middle about certain issues and end up getting divorced. 

Now I'm not saying that you should let someone degrade you or not respect yourself. But I think people need to try more. Both parties always need to try more. Once you think you've both tried to the greatest extent, only then should you consider such a huge leap. 

I grew up in a household where my parents have both made HUGE compromises to make things work. They never met before marriage but have been married for 27 years and are best friends. My mom hates my dads family. My dad hates my moms family. But for the sake of each other, they visit each others families, keep their family members happy, and stay polite even with the ones they hate. Just for each other. 

My moms a huge romantic. But my dads worked 7 days a week, long days, and never had enough money to really go out of his way to do something romantic for her. Although she wishes he were more emotionally available, he cares for her and is there for her when he can be. And this is what makes her love him. 

These values have been transferred to me. That's why when I'm with someone, I compromise as much as I can (while still respecting myself) but the Americans I date can't seem to get on the same wavelength. That's why many prefer to stick to their own. 

I just wish people in this society realized that issues can at least tried to be resolved but that chemistry and compatibility you have with someone can RARELY be duplicated. But everyone has such huge egos. You think you're breaking up with someone because "I just really need someone who will text me all day." When in reality, that's your mind saying "I want just what and I want and I can't meet anyone half way." 

Think about that the next time you're thinking of breaking up with someone. 

[disclaimer; I'm not saying any of my statements are FACT. Obviously, there are extreme circumstances where divorce/breakups are appropriate. And of course these are all OPINIONS] 

'Murica 