I'm just really tired of the bureaucracy involved with every day life and the absolute uselessness of company employees.

God damn. Why the fuck is everything so fucking complicated? Seriously.

Fuck, Verizon. I just want to talk to you about my fucking family plan. I don't even want to make any changes to it, I just want to fucking talk about it and figure out some upgrade stuff:

Verizon: "Oh, okay what's your phone number and pin of the Account Owner?"

Me: "Uh. I don't know what my pin is."

Verizon: "Okay, what's the last 4 digits of your social? Hmm...Nope, that's not it. Do you have another pin?"

Me: "What? No. My dad and I are both account owners."

Verizon: "Sir, you can't both be account owners."

Me: "Listen, I don't know what your fucking tiers of account 'ownership' there are. We should both be owners or managers or whatever..."

Verizon: "The number associated with your 'owner' is 555-555-5555."

Me: "What?! That's my mom's number. She definitely doesn't know about any pin number."

Verizon: "I'm sorry sir, there's nothing I can do. I'm a useless fuck who's barely above flipping burgers at McDonalds. Sorry. Yeah. Sorry. YEEAAAAAHHHH. Can't do anything for you, YEAAAH. No, Yeaaaahh."

Me: "Fuck this then, put me on my own account."

Verizon: "Yeah, no, yeaaaaahhh no....We need the Account Owner to come into the store to do that for you."

Me: "What? She lives in another fucking state, you fucks!"

Fuck! I'm so tired of everything be locked down like I'm trying to get a mortgage! Do I need to bring my notary in to get my fucking account information? Every time we deal with Verizon to upgrade our phones we gotta go through this shit!!

And fuck you Chase too:

Me: "I'd like to make a deposit"

Chase: "Okay, I'll just take your checks...oh. Is this a joint account?"

Me: "No?"

Chase: "Oh, okay. Well see the checks are made out to you AND someone else."

Me: "That's my wife. We just got married on Sunday. She hasn't even changed her name yet."

Chase: "Oh yeah, no, yeah, no YEAAAAAH. We need her present to deposit these checks because it says 'and' yeah, no yeaaaah."

Me: "What? Fuck! But her name isn't legal yet, can we still deposit them?"

Chase: "Yeah, no, yeaaaah. Yeaaah. No. Yeaaaaahhh. Just bring her down to the branch and we can set up a joint account, yeah, no yeaaaah."

Me: "Well does that fucking mean we can still deposit even if her name hasn't changed yet?!"

Fuck you, Chase. 

I get it. I get that we have to have all these stupid fucking systems in place. But sometimes it's just so god damn annoying. I get an hour for lunch to run errands and 70% of the time I have to waste several lunches dealing with all this bureaucratic bull shit of everyday life. It's even more annoying how useless all the company employees are. They can't do SHIT. Even once you give them everything they need to do something, they still can't fucking accomplish what you need them to. They're totally worthless.

tl;dr: I just want the new iphone, goddamnit.