Trigger warnings are not bullshit.

I know some colleges have instituted trigger warnings for their classes, where professors have to warn students about subjects that may trigger anxiety attacks in those with PTSD. I've seen a lot of people shit on the idea, and I wanna talk about why I disagree with... Your disagreement.

So I have PTSD stemming from chidhood sexual abuse. I'm in a neuroscience class right now that talks about behavior. We have an outline of the material, but slides are not posted before class. So we have a chapter on sex and reproduction, which is chill, I can talk about sex. My PTSD is mostly under control unless something really disturbing happens, or something like that.

So he's talking about development, and how testosterone is responsible for male sex drive, and how the testes are responsible for testosterone, which is why they sometimes castrate male sex offenders. I did not have a problem with him saying this. It's what he said next that made me uncomfortable. So... Totally unironic trigger warning.

The professor went on to say, and I'll do my best to repeat it verbatim, "however, castration isn't an effective way to prevent sexual offenses because sex offenses are power plays, and most offenders, although impotent, will still find ways to have power over their victims. For instance, they'll rape women with foreign objects like bottles or broomsticks, or beat them, or kidnap and torture them, or sexually exploit them by taking sexual pictures. That happens a lot with kids."

Now, I wanna be clear. I didn't feel an overwhelming sense of anxiety, I didn't cry, I didn't leave. But it made me uncomfortable in a way that's hard to explain- it's a physical sensation in my genital region that's reminiscent of my abuse. It stuck with me all day. And I really wish I could have had some reason to suspect this would have happened- even a couple minutes beforehand would've helped.

The real kicker is that he *repeated this point almost exactly when we had class next.* He must have forgotten he said it. He was so nonchalant about it, yet I was there squirming uncomfortably. It was very distracting.

People always ask, "well how do you survive in real life without trigger warnings??!??!??" Well, sometimes I don't. Sometimes I have anxiety attacks, or feel uncomfortable, or any number of things. And sometimes I know something will be triggering, and I do it anyway, like Law and Order. The point is, I like to be exposed on my terms. I mean, there are accommodations for all kinds of disabilities, including anxiety. I get extra time on exams for ADHD, as well as a couple other things. I don't think a small content warning is so ridiculous, especially considering that many veterans would benefit from it as well.

Sorry for the rant. I just get really annoyed sometimes. To be clear, I have nothing against this professor. He probably has no idea, and that's not his fault. But I did have a professor (intro psych) who would email us the night before the class with a short warning if it was something that could be triggering, just saying if someone needed to skip out on class for that reason to email her their disability status.

Doesn't seem like such an awful idea to me. Why not make someone's life a little easier if it has no bearing on your life?