Fucking horrible LCDs can go suck a cock and die in hell

Ok, usually i'm fine. I can use madVR to work out a usable solution for movies, i can play noncompetitive games on it, the kind i don't really care about immersion or performance, but FUCK getting reminded of how horrible LCDs are.

I just got Alien: Isolation. Ran it off my beautiful 19 inch Flatron 900B CRT at 1280x1024. Absolutely amazing blacks, beautiful scene, zero jitter or tearing for running at 85hz, great performance as well! No black bars too!

Played for 15 minutes until i realised it's a faux, giving me less FOV on screen than running wide plus some weird text crunching due to the aspect ratio. Ok, /fine/, let's toss it up on the other screen, on my Eizo FS2333. Indeed, not the pinnacle of motion performance, but i really wanted the great color of the IPS panel if nothing else. Overdrive set to maximum, bring on the ghosting! Let's run it.

WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS SHIT?

Moving tears the fuck out of everything, ok, ok, quick, set vsync. Ok. Somewhat palatable, still ghosts like fuck.. Great, now i'm stuck at 45 FPS since i can't exactly pull 120 FPS out of my ass on 1920x1080 to get a stable 90 to have the poorer version smooth motion that i'd have on my CRT, and not exactly a G-sync enabled monitor.

Just fuck this shit.. so what, i'll have to go buy a horrible bitesized chunk of shitty TN panel 144hz that doesn't even know what a NTSC is and black, gray, it's the same fucking shit on it! Plasma? Yeah, fucking great, if it could actually GET monitor sized for the same resolution, but nope, the technology doesn't allow very cramped DPI so i'd end up with a 40 inch monster to show 1080. OH OH! HOW ABOUT THE SED/FEDs?! Oh you never heard of that technology? Yeah, about that, LCD's are still cheaper to produce and the random plebian has no fucking idea how horrible his display actually is so that tech was put on the backburner by multiple companies even though it's revolutionary! Yeah, only 3% of the people will understand what its about, with most going 'you have to see it to believe it'. 

Want to actually buy a top-quality CRT nowadays? Well FUCK YOU, no one's making one anymore. Oh, you found one in another country from one dude that's the only licensed repair guy for that particular brand of CRTs IN THAT COUNTRY still left alive and are willing to shell out out of your ASS for it? Well, hope you have two assholes since of course they're huge beasts and shipping one costs you a month's salary!

Fuck LCDs man, fuck the retards that think the newest and best LCD available can compete in all the fields AT THE SAME TIME, like a CRT can. 

I'd be fine if i had an option, but nope, fuck you, here's your shitty Gamer-branded 144hz display that does just motion at an ok level. Oh you want image quality as well? No backlight bleeding? FUCK YOU. Buy this shitty monitor. Oh, and enjoy your fucking input lag, yeah... suck that 15ms. Oh, what, 3ms gtg? Yeah, sure, good luck with that, especially when color enters the scene. Fuck your input lag, and fuck your multiplexor and fuck your shitty quality and fuck your pseud-illusion of motion. 


SERIOUSLY. Fuck this shit. Besides the people at blurbusters.com the rest of you are living in a horrible world of shitty oversold displays just because ERMAHGAD CRT IS TOO BIG, LOOKS BAD, BEST BUY THIS ILCD SHIT THAT LOOKS BETTER WHEN TURNED OFF DERP SINCE THATS WHY I BUY MONITORS SO THEY LOOK GOOD ON MY DESK AND THATS IT.

GAAAAAAAH.



I think i'm ok now.