Ugh... Reestablished contact with my estranged sister and got ambushed by my asshole family.

I had a falling out with my sister about a year and a half ago over her failure to chastise her narcissist son properly for harassing a younger girl. When I stepped up and did it for her, she physically assaulted me and I've been low contact with her and no contact with the males in my family that supported her (I understand that it is their toxic influence that has warped her world view so badly).

Lately though, we've been keeping in contact over the internet and through text messages and I've been exposing her to some feminist writings. It's been great to see her start to take off the rose colored glasses the patriarchy forces women to wear and see the world as it truly is.

Last week, I came read Witchwind's Utopia and was so overcome with how beautiful her vision of a female centered society would be that I sent it to my sister. We talked back and forth and she couldn't quite grasp how such a society would come into being. Witchwind admits that she finds the transition period from the patriarchy to a female Utopia to be thought limiting. I explained to my sister how I would go about doing away with the patriarchy, as I find the thought exercise of designing the transition to be extremely freeing and liberating as it breaks away from the patriarchal confines on women's thought that the patriarchy has imposed on women.

Friday afternoon, she texts me and invites me over for coffee on Saturday afternoon. While I was hesitant to go over there, as I actively try to avoid her N-husband and N-Son, she assured me that they had gone hunting for the weekend. I think this was so her husband could begin passing on his sociopathy to her son, but I digress.

Regardless, I was excited. Finally, she seemed to be opening her eyes to the danger men posed to her. Maybe it was wishful thinking, but I hoped that she would finally see the danger the men in her life posed to her and cast off the yolk of oppression they've bound her with and she and her daughter could finally be free of them.

However, when I walked into her front door, that hope was smashed. She didn't lie when she said her husband was out of town, but sitting on the couch in the living room was my N-father, my sister, and three former friends from High School, whom I wrote off because they refused to see the world for what it really was and were dragging me down.

What transpired next was nothing short of horrible. They sat there and began to gaslight me horribly. Saying things like how I haven't been the same since I escaped my abusive ex and how my liberated world view was harming not only myself but them as well. Essentially, I spent two hours listening to them try to gaslight me back into becoming a complacent stepford wife.

After they had all spoke their piece, my father said that he loved me (a laughable statement coming from a male) and that either I enter into a mental institution or he was going to cut off any and all financial support, take my car, and wash his hands. It was blackmail at its finest. Either I go get brainwashed into putting back on the patriarchy's blinders or he throws me into poverty.

Finally, I had enough and I exploded. I called him on his bullshit, told him that he isn't capable of love and that I wasn't going to be brainwashed into becoming chattle for men to bargain with again. I told him that I hated him for supporting my ex when he stole my house, but that I expected nothing less as men will stick with other men, even strangers, when they are sided against women, as women are less than human in their eyes. I cursed my sister for betraying my trust. I told the 'friends' that my father had brought in to bolster his case, to either accept the truth of what the patriarchy does to women or to stay away and never speak to me again. I started to leave but my sister went to grab my arm and I tripped and she fell onto the coffee table shattering the glass.

I'm afraid to turn on my phone as I think they may be able to track my whereabouts. I'm afraid to go home as my father knows where I live and may take my car. I feel so betrayed by my sister, whom led me to believe that she was ready to liberate herself from the male grasp, but instead sold me out so as not to challenge the patriarchal views of my shitlord family.

I hold out hope that one day she'll see our family for what it really is, but I'm afraid that any further contact with her will just lead to more betrayals like this. I'm not certain what to do, not only to try and save her, but now to save myself as well.

tl;dr: Reestablished contact with my estranged sister and she lured me into an ambush with my N-Father, former friends and herself. Not sure how to proceed.
