My issue with the war on drugs and the rise of our police state..........

So the moment we declared "the war on drugs", we essentially painted every single person in this country a suspect. We told the police to go out there and get rid of the drugs, but here's the catch......how do you find them? sure drug user normal fit a stereotype but there are also lawyers, doctors, cops, teachers even a congress men or two in this country that have substance abuse problems. Drugs have engrained themselves in all walks of life.  So how does an officer know who does drugs and who doesn't? Drug user and dealers don't wear special arm bands or uniforms, Ive never seen anyone carrying big signs addressing that aspect about them self(especially when police are around); so police were left with one choice.........Treat everyone as if they are already guilty until they prove to the officer other wise. 

So that trend starts, at first the people of our country were with the government, joining the cheers of "just say no" "clean up our streets" "get rid of these dirty dopers" and if these innocent people happened to be pulled over, or questioned, they now felt the desire even the need, to prove to an officer that they were not a member of the drug crowd. How would they do that? by forfeiting their rights, allowing officers with no information except their initial perception of you as a person, to go through your personal belongings, ask self incriminating questions to be answered on the spot, to portray it as a "if you aren't trying to help the police win this "war on drugs" you MUST be against them". Essentially we gave our law enforcement old school mid-evil authority to shake you down.......and they are not doing anything wrong because you gave them permission. That trend went on and got worse and worse, until they were able to start ignoring people's rights all together, detaining and arresting people illegally-violating their rights just to get another arrest. the general attitude was "well at least we got drugs off the street" or another common one "only criminals hide behind their rights" then came some well-worded laws; stop and identify, stop and frisk, civil forfeiture ......all to help hammer home our strict view of drugs (and more recently terrorism that's a whole different rant). 

but here we are 30 years later and our police roam our streets with the same mentality of our troops in the middle east "i don't know which one of these citizens (or Taliban for the troops reference) are the bad guys, so EVERYONE is a bad guy till i know other wise" you ever wonder what it would be like to have a foreign nation to be patrolling our soil, ignoring our rights, and treating everyone as if they are already guilty of something....... well congrats we're there. 

sure there are awesome and amazing police officers that go out of their way to help people, that go their whole career without ever taking their gun out of the holster, the type that know their communities on first name basis and communities know and love them as well; but those select awesome few are being sent to the shadows of officers that pride them selves with how many arrest they can get, how much cash they can seize, how many times they have gotten to use their taser or gun....we have come so far since the birth of this country that we have forgotten the true value of our rights. Sure we can talk about our rights and freedoms and how awesome they are in school, but tell an officer "no" the next time he ask you permission for something.........all of a sudden it's "what are you? a lawyer?" "you think you know my job better than me" "if you don't have anything to hide i don't see what the issue is here" WEREN'T OUR RIGHTS CREATED TO STOP THIS EXACT TYPE OF BEHAVIOR?! they were not designed to hide behind but to stop a over bearing and over invasive government from forming..... and for the "i have nothing to hide so why do i care" type people........well you should care because the officers harassing you are they first ones that need to go, the ones that blatantly treat the good, honest, hard working people like criminals, need to find a new line of work. stand up for yourself and for what your family, friends, ancestors  or even yourself fought for and possibly died to protect.

this is our country, our land, our families, not our governments, not our police, we are not guest here, it was written that way for a reason. We once believed that people shouldn't have to worry about things like whether or not you will be pulled over on the way to the car dealer and have your hard earned down payment, that you worked your ass off for simply taken by a guy whose check's come out of our taxes, only because he said it could possibly be illicit funds............people should feel safe sending their kids off to school with a couple grand (if they choose to) and that it wont be taken from a officer who declares he must be buying drugs with it. its gone full circle from cops catching criminals to cops being the criminals and no one gives a shit......and the most common thing that is used for the police's defense:  "he was a drug dealer", "he was buying drugs", "he must of sold drugs",  "he was in a drug area" and all just to win over the working class and give them a way to sound informed "well i heard that dude was a drug dealer" during the water cooler talks at work. it's sad but eventually they will go to far. When it does, i promise all types of stories will run "how did we get here" "how do we fix it" and people would suggest things like "what if we not allow police and prosecutors to threaten citizens with outlandish charges in order to coerce them into forfeiting their rights or property" "what if we removed the revenue based system and switched to a budgeted system" "what if the drug money and property they take gets liquidated and put into the federal budget instead of the stations budget"......

i know this is going to turn into "op must be a shit bag that's upset because he got in trouble" nope, not at all. actually "op is a Air Force veteran (that's never even been detained let alone arrested, in fact the first time i was even pulled over was at 27) that feels the wars and conflicts he was involved with were basically for nothing" if we do not care enough about standing up for our own rights, in our own country, to our own government, to our own police.....if we allow our own country to view all of its citizens as criminals..........what is the point of handing out rifles to our nations young adults and telling them they need to go kill another countries citizens to protect our freedom? seriously how is ISIS such a threat to America and our way of life if we are destroying it ourselves.......its just crazy to me........but we're more concerned about going back into the middle east then the rampant decline of our own country......i don't think im alone when i say that America's future as of right now is grim, i'm not saying it cant change, I'm not saying it cant be fixed, I'm not a pessimist about it, i love this country and the principals we were founded on. I do feel like we are in for some fire works in the next couple decades , the water is already boiling, its only a matter of time before it climbs to high and spills over.......