drunk Relationship rant

pre-edit: I have been drinking and just feel like i need to vent... more

you broke my trust a few months into our relationship, I found out you were cheating on me. Nothing physical, but those words were strong. That night I dont know how I was able to keep everything under control, I was furious.  After I told you what I knew you apoligzed and cut the others off, but I never fully believed it. I never let it go.

 And maybe thats my fault, that I held that grudge inside, letting it fester and build up and cuase smaller fights to become bigger fights, making me second-guess every decision I made. I kept it close to stoke the internal fires that was tearing me up everytime we'd argue after that. just that little icing on the cake that only I could see, "rabble rabble rabble...... AND you cheated on me"

Love makes a person stupid.

In the end, isaid i forgave you and I acted happy, I never brought up the trust issue and soon enough I completely forgot about it. Blissfully unaware of the deepseeded emotions that sprouted up a year later. Sounds completely immature of me to be angry about something that happened a year ago and let it affect the relationship now! Thats completely ridiculous. I had forgotten about the old problems but now had brand new problems. they still had that new problem smell!!

and soon those new problems are what did it, you told me to not come over, not to talk to you anymore. you said it so coldly. you took what I said that day way out of context, breaking up was the furthest thing from my mind. I felt blindsided. i spent that spring break sitting in my room, i didnt unpack my bags... like maybe... maybe youd call me back and tell me it was a joke... a test... a dare... a bet... anything.

for the first time in my life I had reached out to someone. My trust my have waiverd but my hold on you never did. you told me not to come and i didnt even know how to pull my arms back in.  after spring break the reality of it all started sinking in and I was angry all the time. No matter what anyone tried to say to me, I was always pissed and always ready to fight. I felt like a part.... no 3 parts of me was dying. and they did.... 

now more time has passed. Now it should be enough time where I forget the last part right? like, surely the "bad-fuckin-vibes" sediment has settled down at the bottom of the bay and a big ol "you" dredge isnt going to stir up some shit. WELL IT IS. youre muddying my waters by making me think back. I would be very glad to leave the fucking mess that I am in now and move on, to anywhere else, to leave all of that bad shit behind me.

You want to passive-agressively tell me you know my throwaway's name? that you saw my last post and then not fuckin adress it at all? nah, thats not how this shit is going down. you say you want to know how im doing? How life is treating me?you want me to open up to you? THIS post is all you are getting.

Fight me,
-K 

sidenote: I know some of this sounds immaure, I know this. Im the one that fucking wrote it. 

if the others want to talk toyou, dont let my fucking useless point of view stop you from talking to them. They obviously arent as bitter as I am about this whole thing

TL;DR: how many shots does it take to feel happy?