Respect your server

Let me just start by saying working in the service industry can severely suck. Usually it does. Sure, I take home twice my wages in tips but for the crap I put up I damn well deserve it. 
I wanted to compile a list of things to never say/do to your waiter or waitress, and hopefully some others in the same current job will add to it, and maybe some people will learn from it. 
OKAY, here it goes. 

1. Do not for any reason at any time touch your waiter/waitress. Ever. Unless they are your long lost child, or a relative or you're sealing a business deal, HANDS OFF. 
2. We have names. My name is not "can I get a refill" or "bill please." You might get away with "Excuse me" but do not call me "hey." 
3. If we are incredibly busy/obviously understaffed, do not take it upon yourself to find a seat, or refill your own drink. (This seriously happens way to often) WE WILL GET TO YOU. Be patient. 
4. Tip or go home. I was going to leave it at that but I will elaborate. If you have a party of 20 and its on one bill and it comes to 200 dollars you should at the VERY LEAST be tipping 40 dollars. Yes, I am serious. 20% is not a huge amount. I can tell you from experience, it is incredibly hard to keep orders straight for a table that large, we try our best to keep your drinks filled and you happy. The least you could do is tip properly. 
5. Do not eat your meal, then tell me it was terrible and that you want a discount. ARE YOU FOR FUCKING REAL?????
6. Please don't pay for your meal then ask if you can just sit and talk! We're obligated to tell you yes but we make money by cleaning tables and re-seating in our section. You're practically robbing us. 
7. Tell us to "get a real job." Last time I checked, you'd be cooking your own damn food and serving it to yourself if it wasn't for me. So respectfully, suck it. 
8. Say that a buffet waitress doesn't work nearly as hard as a "regular" waitress. Okay-- I've been both and I can tell you that waiting on 7 tables as a waitress is far less stressful than having 20 as a buffet waitress. Most people think we're only serving drinks but where I work, we also clean tables, host people and cash people out. All while managing over twice the amount of tables we should have, meaning refilling drinks constantly and clearing used plates. 
9. Giving us anything but money as a tip is pointless. Please don't give us coupons or advice or anything but a real tip. If you can't manage that, than please don't bother. 
10. Don't come up to the server station to get a drink refill. I promise I have seen you and I am bringing you one. Go away. 

Okay that's all for now. These are all things that have happened to me in the last week soooooo might add more later. 