Fuck you Charlotte, and fuck everything about this shitty situation.

Well it's been another instance in my life where 2 good days cannot happen in a row.

Yesterday: worked hard, got complimented on my work ethic, only down side is one of my coworkers never shuts up.

Today within the past 4 hours: Got woken up because my bunkmates at the shelter like to slam their lockers closed rather than open the mechanism and then close it when done. 

Showered, ran out of shampoo, left the building because we're not allowed to be inside after 7am, went to bus stop, apparently there was a price hike and it's now 2.20 a ride, because you know, everyone just carries around a pocket full of dimes.

Got into center city, got something to eat and went to the park outside my work so I could try and relax until I go in at 10:30.

Now I usually don't take to sleeping on benches, but since this stupid ass shelter decided to give me chores for the second week in a row and I can't do them until 10pm I don't get much more than 6 hours of sleep. So I tried to lay down since it was early and no one goes to this park for another hour or so. 

I couldn't even sleep, because all I'm thinking about is how i'm homeless, trying to sleep on a bench outside my job and I can't even get anything going to help fix this. But nonetheless two CMS rent a cops come and tell me to move.

Well the indian guy never did tell me to leave like the other one said but fine. So I walk and decide to use the bathroom before I go. 5 minutes go by and they come in and tell me to leave the bathroom.

WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK? 

Do I look like a crackhead or something? is it so worrisome that a 20 year old white guy is using the public restroom? I'm not trying to interfere with anyone. I understand it's your damn job to keep people from loitering and what not but that is no reason to follow me into the fucking restroom like i'm some fuckiing scumbag. I've been waiting outside my work for 3 days, not bothering anyone, and often times going in early because my boss needs someone to help prep. No one has complained, many even strike up conversations while they wait on an elevator or something.

 "I don't want to see you here later sir, okay?"

Fuck you sir, I work here, and I'll be here at 10:30 so that I'm early for work and don't interrupt customers when they come in when we open. It's a public fucking park and while I don't plan to sleep there again I will return when I need a place to sit down and not drive myself fucking insane.

So now I'm sitting at the local YMCA waiting for another person to decide that I'm causing some kind of travesty until such a time where I need to leave to walk a half mile back to work.

This entire fucking town preaches every damn day about god and being a "good christian" to the point where I fear for the people who are brave enough to wear something that show's they are Muslim or Jewish. And you treat the homeless issue like it's some type of life choice. I don't want to sleep on a thin bed mat on a hard steel bunk surrounded by drug addicts and crazy people. I want to have a home, I want to have a family, I want to do something productive with my life.

And what's the answer to seeing a man on the end of a very long rope trying to grasp any hope at not falling to oblivion? Tell him to get up and walk away. Yeah that works, it's not like I have to stand and move around all day at work, and then walk half a mile back to the shelter so I can stand and wait around for another few hours while I try and fix problems. Certainly isn't like I have only a finite amount of socks and my feet are bruised and swollen from not being able to take care of them properly.

So in summary, fuck the city of Charlotte North Carolina, it's bible thumping populace, and fuck the way they treat people who need help.