TWO CARTOONS THAT BARELY TRIED

1. Teen Titans GO! This show is definitely...something else. Not in a good way. Let's start with the fact that we waited forever for a good revival series of TT, and what we got instead was a TT sitcom. It barely makes sense whatsoever, and the humor is really terrible. The animation is a major downgrade from the original as well, and the directors barely got the character personalities right. In fact, the directors didn't use ANYTHING from the original show; the humor, the animation, the action, nothing. They just stole the likenesses of the show, and slapped them onto this show. You want to know *why* they couldn't get the show right? They didn't even watch 2 episodes. If you're gonna make a spin-off or revival, know what your main source is. It's like when people played the Zelda CDi games expecting a good Zelda game, but Philips didn't get anything about Zelda right. The right name for things like Rupees, the right way to make it feel adventurous and mysterious, or even how to make a good Zelda game, and you think "Philips...you never even *heard* of Zelda, have you?" And it's like they don't but we can't be sure, so we can at least say that they may have tried, but we KNOW that the TTG directors never watched Teen Titans.

2. Johnny Test (ALMOST LONGER LIVED THAN ED EDD N EDDY). This show...Johnny, you, yo - yeah, no. The show started to slowly decrease in quality every season, but by the time all the voice actors changed and they relied on the whip sound effect all the time, it just went straight to rock bottom. First, the animation got stiffer as it went on. Then the jokes became limited, annoying, unfunny, stupid, out of place, *very* repetitive, and most of them don't make sense. The voice acting became worse, but not that bad. The plots were predictable and we basically always the same for every episode. There is very little variety of visuals and sound effects, but the sound effects are worse. Only one sound effect is used throughout the series now, which may be the most repetitive one of all: the whip. I'll admit, I kinda liked the show until the new seasons made just for money came around.


You know these shows barely tried when I say Sanjay and Craig, Breadwinners and Uncle Grandpa tried more than TT and JT. I actually kinda like UG, though, so that isn't saying much by my standards...