You guys are allowed to be cunts, but you are being way too fucking cunty.

It's homecoming week so as always houses are getting tp'd. Everyone one will gather up and then go tp teacher's houses. There's nothing wrong with them doing that, but they have been going to fucking far lately. Its mostly Juniors and Seniors going out and doing it but its getting way too extreme. A lot of Sophmores and a few Freshmen are going out and doing it and they're doing it way to fucking much. They all get in a big group of like 30 or 40 and walk around the whole town being a bunch of dicks. They are really fucking loud and they just walk on the street like nothing. Then they will tp a house someone will give a few a ride and the others run away and then they go onto another teachers house. Then they go back to the others teacher house and do this again. They do this about 6 more times so that every teachers house is fucking covered in toilet paper and saran wrap. Then when they go and walk down the streets they terrorize any car driving by. Two other Sophmores were driving down a street and they just block them. Then they surrounded the car and started punching the windows and trying to get in. They then somehow opened the door and tried pulling the passenger out so they went in reverse and just got out of there. Then after that the group appartently starting doing shit to each other. They'd grab someone and saran wrap them onto a tree and then go and saran wrap there car. They'd would also steal other peoples phones and keep them. 

What's fucking worse is the only freshmen who went come to school and try to showoff like they're cool for being assholes to the other kids. Seriously you're a fucking freshman you have 3 more fucking years to do this shit stop trying to make the other kids fucking hate you. Going off topic but fuck those freshman who always hang out with Seniors and then forget about their friends from their own grade. Next year they will fucking hate you. 

Edit: I also should have mentioned this is a small town of 1500 and they've had the cops called on them 4 times. The cops don't do jack shit.
