Shit happens, get over it

Me and some friends all used to play D&amp;D. I was doing some of my first DM'ing ever, and from the last few times everyone told me i was doing a really good job. That's great to hear, and i was glad they were all enjoying it. 

But halfway through my third session, shit happened. 

This particular session was going to be the kickstarting point for the story arc. It was in an old run-down and obviously falling apart cathedral. They made their way through it, no problem. They head to the roof, where the boss is. They kill it, and grab the very obviously magical item, but when they do, the church starts to crumble. Everyone doesn't panic and makes their way off of the roof safely and quickly. Except for one of my friends. 

You see, he decided to choose a giant as his character. A very large and very heavy creature, that can also take a lot of damage. He said that he wants his character to jump onto the roof of a crumbling, decaying church. I asked him,  "are you sure you want to do this?" He complied, but DID NOT like the outcome.

Now among my friends we have an unwritten rule, which is not to argue with the DM unless what he's doing is total bogus.

So any logical person might think that putting a lot of weight onto an old roof might be a bad idea would be correct. 

Sighing, i say that his character falls through the roof.

OH-NO-I-DI-INT.

He starts arguing with me about how his massive character would fall through a crumbling roof. HOW DARE I USE BASIC PHYSICS? 

Finally, he shuts up when i ask him if i can explain what happens to him. 

Nothing. I had planned from the moment he jumped to have nothing happen to him. You're character is 8 feet tall. A 20 FOOT DROP ISN'T GOING TO KILL YOU.

So they all run out of the church and i explain more about the item. Luckily one of them is a bard, so i let her do all the talking. Their next mission it's to find a wizard who can tell them where the rest of these items are. 

Just a quick note: someone in the group kept saying how i was taking the concept of the 6 magical items from Skyrim. What they failed to realize was that i had never done that kind of quest before. 

Anyways, before they headed out, they bought a wagon, as 2 of my players were traveling alcohol salesmen, and had bought a few barrels of mead from the local tavern. They loaded up the wagon, and set off for the big city. 

Now this is what really pissed me off. When they get to the city and start doing all the good story stuff, all my friend wants to do is have his character sit in the wagon almost the entire time, and also play his fucking 3DS while everyone else is enjoying themselves and helping to advance the story.

I'm sorry something didn't go your way. I'm sorry that you got pissed off at something that had no consequences. I'm sorry that you got all pouty and almost ruined the night for everyone else.

The thing that really got me was when he sometimes ignored me. I spent weeks thinking and writing up this story. The least you can do is respect that. 

Thanks for reading this wall of text. This happened a while ago, but it's been bugging me ever since.