How I got a $160 fine for being a technologically-incompetent fuckwad.

Kind of a mild rant about an unimportant event, filled with much backstory and self-loathing.

So I live in City A, which is a glorious place with a transit system that makes loads of sense. Basically, you deposit your fare or show your monthly ride pass when you enter the bus or subway. Fantastic! The public transit (exclusively buses) of City B, on the other hand, operates on an honour system. You're meant to "validate" your ticket (time stamp them) at the bus stop before boarding. Bus drivers don't check tickets at all, but transit officers will randomly get on to ensure that everyone has paid for the bus ride.

I'm a full-time second-year university student, but I recently got a part-time job in my field of study -- located all the way up in City B. That's cool. It takes about 1.5 hours to get there by public transit (first by City A's and then City B's), which is okay. City B has an adjoining bus platform at one of City A's subway stations. Ticket validation is pretty simple there. You buy your tickets, then you head over to these machines that say "VALIDATE YOUR TICKET HERE" on them. Stick the ticket in the slot and it comes back out with a time stamp on it. Great. Self-explanatory. The bus stop outside my workplace has these same machines. Amazing. I understand this.

Since I work Friday afternoons and Saturdays, I stay over at my grandparents' on Friday nights. They actually live in City B, so it kills two birds with one stone -- I get to visit them more often and they drive me because they're fantastic (they're about a 20 minute drive away from my workplace). Anyway, my grandparents had plans yesterday, so I took the bus. Which is no problem! Coolio. I'm 18, I know how to take buses. And I've taken City B's buses three times already at this point. I've got this shit down pat.

What I wasn't anticipating, however, was the stupidly hi-tech bus stop machine that was awaiting me. There was a massive touchscreen, a slot for coins, a slot for bills. But where is the slot of tickets?? What the fuck is this overly-complicated device? I had stared at this thing for all of ten seconds, trying to figure it out, when the bus pulled up. Shit. "Okay," I said to myself, "Calm down. I'll just get on because I'll be late for work otherwise." I figured I could validate my ticket once I got off at the bus stop outside my workplace. Because I'm all for honesty and everything.

As I sat down, I thought with a slight chuckle, "Hah, wouldn't it be funny if transit officers decided to check this route this morning?"

Fucking fuck. *Of course* they did.

And I obviously had no proof of payment.

So now I've got a $160 fine because I'm a technologically-incompetent idiot (and I ended up being half an hour late to work, to boot). The transit officers were actually very nice about it. We got off together at the next stop and they issued the ticket. "Don't let it ruin your weekend," one of them told me genially, probably because I looked like I wanted the ground to open up and swallow me whole. Joke's on you! I overthink everything so my weekend has been officially ruined! 

Finally, the transit officers told me that I had the option of disputing the ticket at the provincial offences office (to potentially get a lowered fine). Only downside is: this place is located in City C, which is north of City B. It is quite far from me. I don't drive either, because City A is a "big city" with a fairly extensive transit system. Overall, it would take maybe 3 hours to get to the provincial offences office by public transit. To top that off, the meeting to dispute the ticket would be assigned. Fuck that noise. I can't just take a random day off from school all willy-nilly, especially since this coming month is busy as hell for me. I'm already feeling a little stressed because I stupidly decided that I would PERFECTLY FINE with max course load, volunteering, extra-curriculars, and a part-time job.

Sorry for whining. Sorry for my insignificant university student problems. Play the world's tiniest violin for me. But $160 is quite a hefty fee for me and it just sucks that I'll have to go through so much shit just to have a shot at a lowered fine. And SERIOUSLY?? The fourth time I take a City B bus, the ONE time I don't have proof of payment, transit officers appear! I know that it's clearly my fault that I got this fine, but this is some rotten luck. I'm also PMSing, so I'm extremely high-strung and emotional at the moment. I actually cried a couple of times because I just felt so helpless about this situation. Which is dumb but so is my period. I don't feel right unloading all of this on my friends, so I've been stewing in a cesspool of negativity and self-hatred for the past while. 

Such is life, I guess.

Anyway, th-thanks for reading through this humongous block of text.