I fucking hate Rick Ross.

Let's start off with why Richard and I have beef: I live with 5 other dudes in my college suite, one of these being my roommate Edward. Edward, on paper, seems like a pretty decent dude: He's a funny, sociable guy of Indian descent from a small town who might have a small drinking problem (that is shared by everyone in our suite). But there's one major character flaw: The shitty fucking trap music he listens to. 

Seriously, as I type this he's listening to the 5th Rick Ross song I've heard this hour. I can appreciate a lot of music, even rap. But not this shit. If you haven't heard a Rick Ross song, let me fill you in on his typical content: He has more cars than you, and they're all really expensive. He could probably pay off all of your student debt with just the chain hanging around his titties. He fucks women because he's a modern Casanova. Lots of them.

How did this become a theme of music? How do people listen to this and not feel less intelligent? Here's some gold from his song "Sophisticated": 
"Got a white bitch, she fucking me just like she Jamaican.
Sippin' purple and that muthafucker concentrated.
This for my niggas in them prisons, overpopulated."

Ignoring his political commentary in the last line, what the actual fuck? I don't give a fuck if she's white or Jamaican, you must have hit rock fucking bottom if you fuck Rick Ross enough for him to write a song about it. 

This music is ridiculous: even Kendrick Lamar can write a song about women and cars and at least make it sound clever or interesting. Ricky just slurs his words like he's having a heart attack (which he's due for soon hopefully) and exhibits the grammatical capacity of someone having a stroke. 

Don't get me wrong; sometimes I like to listen to whiny emo music or one of Eminem's songs about murdering his ex-wife (pretty much half of them) but this is shit. Wow Richard, you sell molly? Well let's write a 2 and a half minute song about it and maybe even have Lil' Wayne come in and hopefully he'll say something about a ghoul and goblin, because I literally have no fucking clue what he's saying in half his songs. 

If you like this shitty music, I hope this offended you because I die a little inside whenever I hear Rick Ross, Tyga, or any other of these stupid fucks come on the radio and rap about the same shit in my college dining hall. I'm out, but before I end this post, I'll leave you with this piece of lyrical gold that my boy R squared came up with that really touches my heart in the same way my 4th grade teacher used to touch me during recess:

"I'm into fashion, nigga, John the Baptist.
My loyalty respected all across the atlas."

What the fuck.