I have found a new reason to dislike american

Ok, I come from a very proud american family, who has served in the military that dates back to the revolutionary war. My mother served valorously in the navy for almost 20 years (before she got knocked up), my dad served in the Marines for a years (got discharged for his health) and my brother serves in the navy since like '03, so i have alot of pressure on my shoulder to stay true to the family ideals. But i can't.

My entire family is Lutheran christian. Very devoted mind you (i dunno about my dad, he hasn't been to church as long as i can remember) but my mom, grandma, younger brother, and my sister-in-law are devoted christian's. I'm a atheist, and i don't give too much of a shit about religion, and to top the cherry on the shit sundae i live in the bible belt which really doesn't help me much with tolerating it's presence. 
But, I've noticed that america is most religious country next to the middle east. America is like a teen girl bedroom, instead of one direction and Justin beiber, it's of jesus.

This really pisses me off, because saying your an atheist in the bible belt is like screaming "JIHAD" in airport security - you are inherently evil, you suck the dick of the devil, your a immoral heathen, so on an so forth.

To my fellow atheist who are in my same living condition - how do you guys do it. I've been doing my damnest to tolerant this bigotry for almost 20 years and each day it becomes a hassle to constantly listen to these arrogant egotistical church goer's telling me how to live my life, or else.

Literally, I don't give a damn if you believe in jesus, or a giant pink pony that'll let you ride on it back though rainbows though all of eternity. But for fuck sake, show me some respect I am a human being as well, I have emotion's like next guy, it really paint your religion in bad light every time you seem to deem me evil because i don't worship nor belive in your god. thats all it is, I don't believe in it, why is it that so damn hard for you too accept, and respect? or is that too much to ask for?