I get talked down to like I'm a piece of shit for wanting to play video games during my spare time.

I should add beforehand that I used to make all my money illegally by selling more than thousands of pounds of weed and making lsd. But I've never once gotten caught or even went to a holding cell and that's years behind me and I have a regular job now and have enough money saved up to do almost whatever I want. I never did heavy drugs myself. All I do is weed. But they found out and ever since then think of me as a devil.

After work, I go back home and spend the rest of the night with my girlfriend.  We smoke weed, we drink, we fuck, and then we go make some food or bake a cake Stuffed with chocolate pudding. Then we watch a bunch of anime a shows and shows on netflix together.  After a while I just don't wanna be bothered with tv and would rather do something more interactive like playing video games because watching shows for so long would just put me to sleep.

Then she complains to me about wanting to play video games and says to grow up because real men don't play video games.  I usually just ignore this statement and explain to her. We had a couple of fights over this but after a while I was able to make her understand and now we play together from time to time and it's fun.

Then there's my uncle. Ugh... I dread whenever he comes over. All he does is be passive aggressive with me. "Oh uh... so what's this new game you got here? Oh... mass effect 3? So uh... what do you do in this game?" You run and shoot up evil baddies and try saving the world. "Oh yeah uh... that's cool... I mean, it's not like that idea has never been used before in other games you've played before.  Oh cool he shoots too! Just like every other character you played in those other games! Yeah awesome! Really original idea there! Arent you a little too old to be playing games still? Anyways, so hey when are you gonna get a real job?" Fuck you, all you play is wrestling and sports games and they're all the same shit either way but you still have fun playing them, right? I enjoy playing games in the safety of my home so leave me be. I have a real job and get paid real money so shut up just because it isn't what you would prefer to do.

Then there's my girlfriends mom... she never has anything good to say when it comes to video games. She makes me feel so uncomfortable too just watching in disgust while I play games. "I can't believe you like this violent crap. Real mature. Be a real man and do something else with your time instead. " Like what? "Like going out and getting a better paying job." Like I haven't tried that already.  I'm ahead of you anyways. I've sent my resume out to multiple companies over on monster and inde. "Why don't you go personally to companies?" Tried that. Gave them my resume.  They're hiring for less and no benefits.  "You're just not trying hard enough cause you're too busy playing these games like a piece of shit." I have my bills paid except sears which I'll be paying off next month. Get off my case and worry about your second car loan.

"You're a fucking low life pot head gamer and that's all you'll ever be." Way to generalize things and overlook everything else I do just because I don't meet your standards.

I can't flat out shut them out from my life either because they're family and I have to act like I give a shit about them just so I keep in wishes of my mother wanting everyone to stick to family and work things out. I respect her wishes, but most of these family members are fucking belittling selfish cunts who I secretly wish death for. I make it very clear to my uncle that even tho we were bestest buds ever since I was a little kid (i'm 23 now) and we hanged out with each other a lot, that I respect him enough to try  bearing to be around him from time to time. But I will talk back down to that asshole if he continues to do the same to me. My girlfriends mom, I have to respect my girlfriends wishes to try getting along with her. I make my money and just want to be at peace to do my own things without someone always having to talk down to me on what I enjoy doing. For them to just shut up and let me be. 

My grandma is just as bad. She hasn't worked for a decade now ever since she sold her business in nyc and fucking lives off that money and still continues to live in nyc. When she comes over, she just talks down to me, never bothers to help me when im in trouble or just to spend some family time with and yet helps my other fucked up brother more when hes done so much more stupid self destructive shit. Just felt like getting this off my chest for a while now.