You're insane and you need help!

You're insane! Clinically insane!!  You want to put locks on the bathroom so that we don't get in and make it dirty!? You're crazy. You'll never admit it, but you're god damn crazy. What's worse is that you're pushing us all away and you don't even care. You pay more attention to cleaning your house than you do to us. That's all you care about. I still remember when I cut my finger that one time and you got pissed because I got blood on your precious, already dirty, rag. Now you want to lock the bathroom so no one get's it dirty? Ugh! 

And you know what else, you blame all your problems on us and you never take responsibility for anything. You actually go so far as to create problems just to blame them on us sometimes. You have anxiety problems over everything and you think nothing is wrong with you. You get pissed at dishes (Remember when you broke a shit ton because there was just so much dishes? Because I do), you get pissed at dirty floors, you get pissed that our rooms are dirty even though they really aren't, and every time someone comes over you make us clean the entire damn house top to bottom.

Then you won't even admit you need me. Despite what you may think, you need me. I do everything for you. I make sure all your bills get paid, I keep my mouth shut when you ask me to do favors for you and I do them without so much as a peep, I teach you everything you want me to teach you. I even send your god damn text messages and save your pictures, which I've only shown you how to do about a dozen times. I'm the only one in the entire world that gives a shit about you. And that doesn't matter does it? No! Because no matter what I do, it's just never enough. 

You know what, I don't know why I put up with your shit, but eventually I'm getting out of here and I may just leave you wallowing in your own helplessness. I'll wait until you've lost almost everything. And then, at the very last second, I'll swoop in to help, but not before I get an apology from you about how shitty you are/were as a person and you acknowledge how much you actually need me. -end rant-