Comcast CableCard Rant

I give up.

I've been a Tivo customer since 2001. The second I saw one I knew it would change TV forever, like my beloved Betamax, and it did. My brother bought one. We got one for our parents. I told friends about it. It worked well for years until Comcast switched to digital cable.

My problems started when I upgraded my original Sony-branded Tivo for a shiny new Tivo Premiere XL4 in December of 2012. Comcast was unable to get the CableCard to work, rendering the Tivo useless. Comcast would keep sending out technicians, each with no more knowledge of CableCards than the previous one, each dutifully checking the signal levels and wiring, and each failing to resolve the problem.

Finally, one enterprising Comcast employee took the Tivo box back to his office, got it to work, and returned it. Eureka! "What did you do to fix it?", I asked. "I'm not exactly sure," he replied. But it worked.

Over the next few months the device worked flawlessly and then, slowly, certain channels stopped working. Comcast couldn't fix it. Tivo couldn't fix it. We tried CableCard after CableCard, as if there were some significant difference between each one. Isn't one definition of insanity trying the same thing over and over again and expecting a different outcome? Comcast was insane to keep trying, but that's all their scripts allowed. I was insane to keep Comcast, but switching to AT&amp;T was hardly a viable option since at the time their product and service were even worse. 

Finally the problem resolved itself enough so that most - but not all - channels were working. Good enough. I watch too much TV anyway. Then about 3 weeks ago huge swaths of channels simply stopped working. Comcast insisted that nothing changed on their end. Later I found out that they indeed changed the frequencies of large numbers of their channels, a change that would have to be transmitted to my CableCard, an update that simply didn't work. 

More trucks rolled. More phone calls ensued. Finally I asked Tivo to send out a replacement box since Comcast was so certain that the Tivo was at fault. The box arrived today. The problem continues. 

A lot of friends have "cut the cord" and abandoned cable altogether, using Netflix, Hulu, AppleTVs, and Rokus for their entertainment. If not for sports programming, I might have considered this sooner. 

I never thought I would pine for the good-old-days when I had to adjust rabbit ears or a UHF antenna to get the TV to work. And yet that's the state I'm at now.

Comcast is trying to get FCC approval to merge with Time Warner Cable, a move that would give it more power than any other provider in the nation. While generally I support a free market, I think the FCC needs to turn Comcast down for one reason only: They are incompetent. They ignore the FCC mandate to make CableCards work easily. They simply don't deserve any government help. Comcast built its empire on the misguided notion that a regulated monopoly is preferable to an open market. At least in this case, that was completely and utterly wrong. 

Over the next week I'll be debating whether to cut the cord completely or switch to satellite TV. I'll have to live with whatever crappy rental box comes with the service, but at least maybe it'll work.

 -An unsatisfied Comcast customer, Oct 17, 2014
