People need to be less ENTITLED over the fast lane. Have some patience.

Just a rant about the fast lane on the highway. Sometimes I have to make a pass in the fast lane and people get SO FUCKING ENTITLED TO GO AS FAST AS THEY WANT IN THE FAST LANE AND ANYTHING MORE THAN A 3 SECOND DELAY IS AN EXTREME INJUSTICE.

For your perspective: I do a fair amount of highway driving. I drive slightly slower than most: I'd say about 30th percentile (70% drive faster than me. 30% drive slower.).  Where I'm from, this is about 15-18km/hr (10 mph) OVER the speed limit. You can assume all my descriptions are on a two lane road with the fast lane being the left lane.

Here are some situations that annoy/annoyed me:

1. I always make sure not to cut off the car that I'm passing when I leave the fast lane. Is that not reasonable? I'm not going to leave the fast lane a mere one car length in front of a cargo truck because you're behind me. If you give me like 4 extra seconds to get a safe distance in front of the car I'm passing before tailgating me or aggressively going around me you'd see that I'll happily get out of your way, safely. Just because there's "room" to my right doesn't mean it's safe to change lanes.

2. Sometimes, I get to the point where I'm in the fast lane and I get behind someone who is passing a cargo truck slowly in the fast lane (say it takes 30 seconds for them to pass the truck). If they weren't there, I'd be passing the truck much faster. However, in my mind the whole situation is fine. The person in front of me needs to pass, and they are doing it at a somewhat reasonable rate. I'm relaxed: I'm living the dream riding comfortably in my own transportation machine with climate controls and nice music. The majority of the world could not hope to own something near as luxurious. I'd rather not tailgate, so I sit about 3-4 car lengths back (which is arguably too close at highway speeds) and wait for them to pass the cargo truck, at which point I will speed up and pass the truck too. However I've had people get impatient with ME. Tailgate ME. And then aggressively go around me, fit into the 3-4 car lengths (cutting me off and tailgating the other driver), all to save like 15 seconds. Could you just calm down? I'm not going to tailgate someone because of your impatience.

3. If there is a hazard ahead on the highway on the righthand shoulder (e.g. stopped truck or car, or police car with lights on), could you please let me move into the left lane without tailgating me or treating me like I'm the ultimate piece of shit for doing something that is reasonable driving practice? I'll happily move back into the slowlane when we're past the hazard.

4. In general, could you stop tailgating? Please? Just because someone is not passing at the rate you're driving doesn't mean they are not allowed to make a pass (whether or not it slows you down). I was driving today in the slow lane. Car 1 passed me at a slow rate, but nothing unreasonable. Car 2 was right on his ass. Like ridiculously close. Car 1 finishes passing me and sits in the fast lane. Probably not the wisest decision, but I'm assuming it was because he was so pissed at how closely the driver was driving behind him. (upon further thought, I came up with an alternate explanation: it is very difficult to change lanes at night when someone is tailgating you. why? because their light makes your mirrors useless and overwhelms any other cars' lights nearby even if you shoulder-check, so perhaps Car 1 didn't change lanes because he couldn't see if it was safe to do so.) Car 2 continues right on his ass for like 10 seconds then aggressively swings halfway into the slow lane (just enough to pass) and back into the fast lane very closely in front of Car 1. So childish! I don't condone what Car 1 did but what Car 2 did was ridiculous. Please just calm down and have a sense of perspective on what you're getting so fucking upset about and endangering people's lives over.

Could people just grow up? Yes, it's best if we leave faster traffic to the left, but keep things in perspective! Do you have to be so fucking entitled? Could you stop acting like it's the ultimate injustice that someone slows you down for a few seconds? 