Toxic People? Well, well. It's Me.

you know how it's all like "cut toxic people out of your life" 
well, holy fuck, who would have guessed that I was the toxic one? 

Jesus fucking Christ, I really fucked up this time. There's no denying it. In the past 4-5 years, and every before that, I have proved that there is not one good bone in my body. 

Seriously. I'm two-faced, a serial cheater, a slut, someone who enjoys manipulating and damaging other people's friendships &amp; relationships, I can't help but sabotage anything good that comes to other people. I betray, and lie to everyone that so much as considers me as a friend, or an acquaintance. It's always putting myself first, without ever considering anyone else. IT IS ALL ABOUT ME. 

So, this, I fucking deserve this. It's my 3rd day in isolation. I've deleted my Facebook, removed Instagram, deleted Snapchat, and I snapped my sim card in to pieces, and threw my old $15 phone away (I probably should have disposed of it properly...). You know, 3 days is a very, very short time. And I'm already going a little crazy without any human interaction... but, I really, really want to be a good fucking human. Not for anyone else, but myself, and I know that if I keep being around others, I'll never be able to redeem myself. 

It sucks, because I really enjoyed having people around me, but I don't want people to resent me for fucking up their lives and taking advantage of their trust. I wish I was fucking over reacting, but truthfully, I'm not. 

Jesus Christ, when the fuck did I ever become like this? It just makes no sense, something must have happened, but I just don't know what. But there are NO excuses. NONE AT ALL. 

So, I've placed my self in a little cute situation: self-imposed exile, for a year. November 09, and hopefully by then, everything will be all sunny and happy. I will have learnt my lesson by then, and trust me, every fucking second of this is killing me. 

I hate this, but... at the same time, I need this. 

That's my rant. 
Fucking yay. 