The Human Problem

Weird title I know and will admit this will be a long one butnitsna message I have been holding onto for a very long time. We all need to wake up as a species. Everything about us at this point is wrong. Look at us I mean really look. Put aside that ignorant ego we all carry and just look. Does mostly what we do even remotely seem; fair,logical,decent or even moral? We in my opinion, if you look at users a whole, are nothing but unsupervised children. Taking everything we can unwilling to share. Isnthis all we are good for? Is this the best we can do? 

We restrict ourselves. Caged and suppressed we have stalled our own evolution. We ignore fact, restrict progress. Control, destroy and take. We're nothing but a blip of microscopic existence and we carry ourselves like we are the end all be all of creation. Sure we are the most advanced thing this planet right now. But for how long? And for thebsakenof argument we are.what kind of example are we setting? I hope we know by now that we are now alone in the universe but who would come talk/communicate with us? We are more likely to shoot them out of the sky before whenever said hello. And that's one of the major problems. We can't even control ourselves. So driven by emotion and the very feelings holding us back. Greed, lust, jealousy. They were called sins cause even back then we knew they would be our downfall and we're proving it right. We are the authors of our own self destruction. All suffering in the world is no one's fault but everyone's (including me). No God nor outside source set the conditions in which we live by. We created our habitat. We set the rules and wants a whole allowed the weakest among us to have all the power. The most ignorant, self centered, zealous and corrupt. These are our "leaders". Say we did get visited by extraterrestrial life and they say take me to your leader. We have to take them to those people. I would be down right embarrassed. There isn't a leadership bone in their body. Why is it nice guys finish last the truth of this civilization. How can the worst of us be the ones to call the shots?

We justify this by saying things are the way they are so sick it up. That line bothers every bone in my body because IT DOESNT HAVE TO BE THIS WAY! We can and should be so much more, we have proved we have the capacity. But we conform to comfort and fear change when that is the very nature of life itself. Things are constantly changing and renewed but us. We fight it tooth and nail when we need to embrace and flow or we are gunna be swept aside or left behind.

I dawned ashamed to even call myself human and most days I try not to be if what I see around me is what is expected of me. Ghandi once said be the change you wish to see in the world and I live by it as much as I can. We can change but one person isn't going to do it for us nor should they. We need to come together as a species and do it as one. There is nothing different between us. Race, religion, creed, it doesn't matter nor have they ever should because for all our selective barriers we are still all human and living together. We are a family, one species, and we are still animals. If you still have your ego aside our history still reflects that. 

Why is it only in great tragedy do we find the will to be how we should? When we help and do things for each other not for personal gain but because it is the right thing to do. 

We destroy the only home we are gunna have for a long time and if continue as we are even it will reject us and start over. It's done it before certainly can happen again.

We as a species need to make a choice. Are we going to continue to be the plague we have become or wake up,grow up, know our damn place, get off that high horse, forgive ourselves and start moving forward again.

We need to wipe the slates clean, learn from our mistakes and not carry them forward. Shoot for the stars as we once did remove and rid ourselves of our own limitations and I bet even us will have a place in this universe as something of benefit and not a hinderance.


But at this point in time little hope is found and I fear we are coming swiftly to that pivotal point where we choose our ultimate role.... Are we destroyers or creators. The potential for both our evident enough but in the end we either allow ourselves to continue this self destructive path or decide we can do and be something much better....