You should have been straight with me in the first place.

If I knew all you wanted was an extra wallet in the house I never would have moved in with you in the first place!  You knew I was in the process of moving.  You offered to let me stay until I could "afford" to move on from this lousy state!  But because you were not upfront with me on all of the details like 1. I'd be paying some of your bills, 2. I'd be taking your lazy ass kids to school because they decided not to go costing me tightly budgeted gas money, 3. I'd be paying for your gas money in addition to being your goto wallet everytime you wanted to eat fastfood!  Granted things went south for both of us financially but most of those times I gave you money I had to produce it from somewhere!  I also had to pay it back!  thus prolonging my stay in this lousy (racist) state!!  NO!  I couldn't give you $200 a week for groceries!  NO!  I couldn't pay off most of your other bills!  I'M 2 MONTHS BEHIND ON MY OWN CAR NOTE AND 4 MONTHS ON MY INSURANCE!  Why?  Because I gave YOU what little help I could driving myself slowly back into the hole and keeping myself trapped in this lousy, racist, back-water, red, state!!!!!!!  ...and as much as I love you, I do not care about your tears!  You had the audacity to call ME a liar?  ..because Ididn't tell you how much money I had on me!?!  Why don't you tell me what you did with the money I DID give you!?!?!  Did you put it in the gas tank or did you blow it on food, "stress eating"?  Can you account for the money I gave you?  Of course not!  But you have the nerve to say I didn't help you out with ANYTHING!  What I did was "little" things!  WHAT PART OF I'M MOVING ACROSS THE COUNTRY DIDN'T YOU UNDERSTAND!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!  You know I loved you enough to put up with you, your sour attitude 15yrold, your sneaky 12yrold, and your 17yrold who's off smoking weed and probably impregnating girls, barely going to school (worried he won't graduate) and hating you.  I would have worked hard to be the man you needed (that's with your high and unrealistic expectations) and more but you don't really want that.  Your ex really messed you up!  You are psychologically incapable of maintaining a proper relationship with a man because your ex is still running your life and sad as the situation is, he's dead now.  My brother, my mother, my friends, when I told them about you, their advice to me was:  Run.  Run fast.  Run far.  AND SOME OF MY FEMALE FRIENDS WERE IN YOUR SAME PREDICAMENT!!  But me?  I'm stupid.  I put up with you for 8yrs off and on when after the first time we broke up, I should have left it at that.  



&gt;**tl;dr**:  Thank you for this life lesson.  I will not get involved with a woman with even so much as one kid, nor will I get involved with one that's coming from any type of abusive relationship.  I'm going to stay single for a very, VERY long time now.