my sister ugh and halloween

On Sunday night I went out for a meal with my friends – Yo Sushi! My sister said I could go. Btw, my sister here is sort of my guardian/carer – I live with her, her husband, and their six month old son. I’m sixteen.

So I got there by train and all five of us enjoyed our meal. Then afterwards, one guy said: “Let’s go do something afterwards… let’s watch a movie.”

So, we go to Vue and the only “decent” (by decent, I mean, not some romcom) movie on was Annabelle. Only two of us wanted to watch it – us three pussied out. But in the end, we all bought a ticket. Shit scary movie.

Before I continue, I need to explain to you my phone situation. I have a very old second handed iPhone 4 – no issue there except it isn’t android – but hey, iOS isn’t *that* bad. At least it’s not a nokia, so I can’t moan. I ain’t got an issue with my phone. But the big issue here is that I need a contract. My brother in law is cheap as fuck, and my sister gets him to buy me a contract – so he buys me a reaaalllyy shit contract. OVIVO. Ovivo went bust within a month. Since then, I haven’t had a new SIM card or contract – I can only receive calls and texts and I can’t reply or make any calls. Wi-fi is what makes my phone useable.

So I tried texting my sis from my friend's phone to tell her I'll be back late. But I put in the wrong damn number. Oops. So I watch the movie and when I get out I text her again saying I'm going home now and I realise I put the wrong number in. Oops again!  So my phone finally has free wifi in the city and I just manage to get a few messages through iMessage.

&gt; Tried calling but number won't connect
&gt; 
&gt;Why have you blocked me on
&gt;
&gt; Fb????
&gt;
&gt; Ffs I'm going to blow up on you when you get home!!!
&gt;
&gt; Where the hell are you it's 10.15pm! You left 5 hours ago for Yo Sushi?!?!
&gt;
&gt; I am going mental
&gt;
&gt; Over here 
&gt;
&gt; Wait till you get home!!! Ffs!

Naturally, the number won’t connect because I’m in the cinema. So, it’s 11:15 and I’m shitting myself. So I finally call my sister up from my other friend’s phone and I get told “You’re in a lot of trouble”, “My husband isn’t a free man he has work”, “I can’t pick you up from the train station”, and, “You have to figure out your own way home.”. Then, she says “I don’t care how you get home but you need to be sitting in the living room on the sofa at 8:30am tomorrow! Make sure you set your alarm!” Wow.

Anyway, none of us has no fucking idea how we’re getting home. So I just get a taxi, pay £18, and get home safely at 12:04. Yay… anyway I text my other sister, and I get told “you dun fuckd up”, “she aint ever gon’ let you go out now, Im sorry for you man”.

So I set my alarm, play some TTT and then go to bed~~* after a nice leisurely wank~~. I wake up, go to the living room and just wait for her… she doesn’t come down. So I finally go up into her room at 10:30… the lazy cunt. I waited two hours for her. Anyway she shouts at me, says I can’t go anywhere except go swimming with my friends. She asked me how my friends got home and when they got home, and I said, “I don’t know, they were staying afterwards. I just went home.” And then she said, “No you do know tell me what they were doing.”

“I don’t know”

“Tell me what they were doing now. You know what they were doing. Tell me otherwise you can’t ever go out with your friends ever again.”

“Then I’ll never go out with my friends ever again **because I legit have no bloody idea what they did or how they got home, or anything!**”

She stops pressing, and tells me to take her son downstairs and baby sit him. I do it. She comes down, takes the baby off me and tells me to make us breakfast. Meh, now I’m supposed to be her bitch… oh well. I say my friend’s are going swimming at 1pm, and she says I can go.

Not too long before I have to leave to get my bus, she storms in my room and cries about me blocking her on FB. Cries is the wrong word to use here. More like verbally abuses me. I tell her, “it’s just fb, not a big deal.” And she’s like “it’s a big deal to me”. You see, my sister, here, lives on her phone. She tells me to unblock her and to friend her again. The issue here is that I actually used her phone to block me and unfriend me.. so I have to login in front of her face. Eventually when I say I can't find her on FB she gives up and says I can't go swimming.... then a few minutes later she turns around and tells me to get out of her house.. "i don't want to see your face"

Anyway things calm down in the evening and she just acts like a miserable bitch again as usual…

I spent a miserable fifteen quid on a fancy dress outfit (if you must know, it’s a tinkerbell outfit cos we’re all going as princesses. And I’m the minority so I’m the peasant fairy not a princess – it was my choice – I wasn’t targeted by my friends :)

Days pass, it’s Friday. Halloween. My sister is staying at her in-laws for the weekend, I’ve been told I can’t go anywhere and I’ve come to terms with it. Depressing, but I’ve come to terms with it. Oh well… there’s always next year, I guess.

Then, at 17:01, I get a message. She gives me this message *some time* after her asking me to call her. So I missed it. She shouldn’t called me… it’s not as if iMessage is the greatest thing in the world and my miserable (actually hers) MacbookPro doesn’t notify me on messages. I just caught it as I changed my app to Limechat to check a nickalert in IRC.

Some screenies of screenshots of our conversation today.. http://qs.lc/p/q7tv.png and http://qs.lc/p/tkxu.png
So yeah, I feel like such a loner.
To top it off, my friends says: “you're missing out” to me on fb.. sad.