Roommates

Jesus fucking christ.

My roommates are pretty bad. I sort of expected this. I've known them for YEARS, I know how they can be. I warned my boyfriend of this long before we signed any contract, but he was eager to move and was ready for something positive. 

Last night our roommates wordlessly went to bed at a time that's super early for them (9:30ish?), and my boyfriend and I just stood there for a while, surveying the mess.

We have two roommates. They've been dating for about two and a half years and are engaged. One of them, a guy, is working most days and lately has had to pick up his mom's shifts because of a family emergency. The other, a girl, works somewhat full time and also is going to college online. Out of the two of them, she is home most often. Because of this, it's her job to do their laundry, clean, and clear out the litter box for their three cats. 

Most days, she doesn't do any of this. Even though we have a dishwasher, she puts her plates and such in the sink and will not put them in the dishwasher until I can't take the smell anymore (according to her fiance, he's been trying to get her to do it for almost three years but to no avail. Also, they don't rinse off their plates, so now there's a build up of food in the back of the dishwasher and it stinks). The cats are neglected. She does laundry for one day, forgets about it for weeks, and then gets pissed at me for moving it so I can do my laundry. I won't even talk about their room, because it's not my business and as long as they're giving us our half of the security deposit we most certainly won't be getting back, I don't give a fuck. It's not my room. But it is my apartment.

The two of them make around 3,000 a month, but because of their spending habits, lavish lifestyle, and crippling debt, they can barely afford to skate by. My boyfriend and I lived off ten dollars a week for several months. We're fine living below our means. But our roommates (more like the girlfriend, because I know the guy would be just fine living like us) prefer otherwise. They have both grown up dead poor, and have had a taste of the "normal" American life - and they want more. We have to eat healthy, eat together. If there isn't anything "good" waiting for us at home, we HAVE to go out to eat, and at a fancy restaurant because the girl won't eat at anywhere less. If we argue, she has a six hour long fit.

My grades are suffering because I have to spend three or so hours preparing a meager meal with them. I don't have time for homework or a social life. They couldn't afford rent last month because they just won't budge. They now owe us around two hundred dollars, and from experience, I know we'll never get all of the money back.

So, last night, my boyfriend and I were staring at the mess. It's worse because I've stopped picking up after them, and because of it, our house smells terrible all the time. Think of a mixture of mold, rotting food, and cat shit. It's still not the worst place I've been to - I've had to live in some dumps, and I used to clean houses for a living - but it's certainly not where I want to be.

"Why did we do this?" my boyfriend asked me. "You could have so easily talked me out of it."

The thing was, I tried. I tried to warn him. But I know that sometimes, experience is the best teacher. It's something I've picked up on while tutoring elementary school kids, along with not gloating when you've been proven right.

We came to the conclusion that we had been under an enormous amount of pressure to live here. Our roommates were living at their parents' place and were desperate to move out. The thing is, because of all of the above and a horrendous credit score, they couldn't afford to live on their own. And they wanted the best of the best. They wanted to split a two bedroom at a complex that awe most people in this area when they hear of it. 895 a month, split down the middle, not including utilities. They put us on the waiting list without talking to us first. We found out we were moving a week in advance. 

I didn't think we would make it, but so far my boyfriend and I are doing pretty well. We would be doing even better if we didn't have all this pressure on us from our roommates; they want us to live like them, to eat out every night, to buy hundreds of dollars in groceries. 

I don't know how to talk to them, but I need to. I need to tell them that my boyfriend and I are going to keep living our lives the way we want to, because it makes the most sense financially. I need to tell them that they have to start picking up after themselves. I know I sound like a doormat, but how exactly do you tell someone that without pissing them off or letting them get off easy? This is my first time living on my own and my first time with roommates.

Goddamn, I have no idea.