Blinded sighted breakup FUCK YOU EX BF! 3rd week of NC and I feel fuckin awesome

I FUCKIN CANNOT DESCRIBE THE ANGER I HAVE TOWARDS MY EX BF.  After all the tears, heartache, and obsessive compulsive thoughts about why my relationship suddenly came to an end is beyond my comprehension. I finally quit and stopped contemplating all the possible reasons on why he decided to end the relationship I thought was going to last. 

I DIDN'T EVEN WANT TO WATCH THE FUCKIN SERBIA VS US world basketball finals, but I was so fuckin nice to compromise and go with you to Barney's Beanery and keep you company, but it turns out NO ONE GAVE A FUCK about the game when there's SUNDAY NFL FOOTBALL. We sat out in the patio in the fuckin LA heatwave in September, and watched the game on my iphone... then we went to grab some ice cream, and had a great funny conversation about the asian lady who attempted 20 tries to parallel park her escalate in a wide spot. We came back to your place, where you had the nerve to  lay "its not you, it's me" spiel and proceeded to tell me that you didn't want to get in the way of my career and my graduate studies because you have been in that situation before with your crazy bipolar ex gf and that you wanted to make decisions and live your life.  I'm sorry you still need to resolve your CO-DEPENDENCY ISSUES!

Well I'm sorry I'm such an independent, ambitious, driven female and not the dependent, emotionally scared, manipulative, ex gf you were so used to.  I'm so sorry I'm not a big burden on you and that you weren't willing to sacrifice your love for me to see how our futures will pan out.  I should've trusted my intuition when I met you a year ago, because you were still in contact with your crazy psycho ex gf of 6 years and still you decided you were ready to start a relationship with me 5 months after your breakup. SERIOUS RED FLAGS!

Also I have to say FUCK YOU for the breakup text you sent me.

Excerpt:

"I feel like a fool now for not being with you anymore, but I hope you understand that our paths in life will diverge. As we get further apart I don't want to hurt both your feelings and your career and life plans. Because I've been through it once, and I know how somebody you love so much can drive you crazy and become your enemy, and I don't want to do that to you. You need to go back to living your life and perhaps one day our life paths will merge again. Thanks for letting me know that I can call you, of course if you need a friend you can always call me. I love you too and I am not going to wish you luck, because a girl like you doesn't need luck, you just make things happen. And I really admire you for that :)"

That's the most condescending breakup text I've ever received in my life, it felt like a big slap to my face for the effort I put into this relationship.  The amount of love, sacrifice, compromise I put in this relationship felt like it was all in vain and wasted on someone like you who couldn't man up to love me and respect me. 

You are the biggest douchebag ever for leading me on, I even planned a birthday surprise for you in napa, and now I cant even get a refund on your ticket because its in your name, so I cant even use the credit to book a ticket for someone else or get my money back. 

Thanks for reading this guys, feel free to comment, but I feel fuckin awesome after writing this and blowing off steam!!

tl;dr Angry at my ex-bf of 1 yr, in 3rd week of NC, feel awesome, moved on, codependent ex bf still in contact with psycho gf, blindsighted breakup