Fuck the Food Network and especially fuck Bobby Flay.

I fucking hate the Food Network.  My boyfriend watches it for hours every god damn night for the past year and I can't escape hearing it.  It isn't fair for me to ask him to stop something he enjoys because I'm irrationally angry, so I don't.  And I don't want to obviously avoid it because he'd notice and feel bad and stop because he's like that, so I just act normal.  But god damn what started out as mildly annoying has become something I am loathed to ever see or hear and am hoping I just need to let it out and my hate is due to bottling it up for so long.

Apparently about 2 years ago the Food Network found out that the viewers who liked to watch people cook and learn was smaller than the niche of viewers who like to watch people cook and be harshly judged and lose.  So gone are all the fun or at least tolerable shows about cooking at home, at least anywhere near prime time, and have been replaced by a dozen speed cooking competitions.  Fuck that shit.

Here's their god damn lineup:

10pm-4am:  Rotation of the same shit you just saw from 6pm-10pm, because seeing it once apparently wasn't enough or you don't have a DVR for some reason.

4am-6am:  Informercials.

6am-4pm:   Fuck if I know.  Probably cooking competitions.

4pm-5pm:  "Cooking Competition."  With a panel of fuck you judges getting off with the viewers judging your every flaw.  It's probably Chopped.

5pm-6pm:  "Diners, Drive-ins, and Douchebag."  Watch douchebag Guy Fieri drive around and stuff his fat fucking face while he wears sunglasses on the back of his pineapple fucking shaped head while the TV-awkward cooks look on in fear that he might eat them too.

6pm-7pm:  "Chopped or Another Stupid Competition" fuck you.

7pm-8pm:  "Rachel's fake smiley face vs Guy's bad tan Kid's Cookoff."  Is regular cooking comps now too vanilla for you to get off on?  Well now we're getting kids in on it!  That's right you sick fuck, we're gonna broadcast a dozen children's insecurities to the nation!   Isn't it hot watching them struggle to cook?  Aw shit that one just cut themself.  I think he was 9.  Hope you're into some shit cuz now they're crying and bleeding while mom and dad can do nothing!  Here's a shot of Rachel from the stomach up (it's not just a boob shot so it's not tacky!)  Maybe Guy will eat one of the weaker kids so his team will win!  Stay tuned to find out and to watch more children cry!

8pm-8:30pm:  "We Are Contractually Obligated to Stroke Bobby Flay's Ego."  Fuck this god damn farce of a show and fuck the smug little bitch that is Bobby Flay.  Remember Throwdown where he would go around and randomly challenge people to a cookoff of their signature dish, and he'd lose 99/100 times?  And remember Iron Chef where he'd also lose more often than not?  Well he must have thrown a bitch fit the likes of which haven't been seen since the last time any of us watched "My Super Sweet 16" because now there's a show where a five star chef comes onto it, challenges Bobby to make a very specific dish, and is scripted to lose to him every time.  The panel?  Former losers of the show.  The host?  A former loser to him on another comp.  The contestant?  5 star chef who came prepared but we might as well call a loser already because it's going to happen.  Is there something the god damn editors leave out, because the "blind" test has the "unaffiliated" judges raving about the competitor's dish, and always having a list of complaints about Bobby's (OH BUT THEY DON'T KNOW WHOSE IT IS THO \*wink*).  Half the fucking god damn time they say "this really isn't the dish that was supposed to be made."  AND YET THE FUCKER WINS EVERY TIME!   Every.   Fucking.  Time.  Isn't it great Bobby?  You're such a pansy ass sore losing bitch that you've vice gripped the network's balls so you can literally not make what you're supposed to and still win?  You know what Bobby, make this fun for me.  Shit in a bowl next time.  Take a big, protein filled shit in a bowl, no garnish, and make the judges eat it and declare it the winner.  Make the show eat your shit and say it's better than the signature dish of any 5 star chef that dares claim they can best you.  Then next show where  you're once again surrounded by a bunch of people who've lost to you we can both smile.  But no, that's not going to happen.   The show is going to continue acting like an actual competition so you don't feel like the sore loser you are.  Fuck your smug ass, you only win consistently when it's scripted you dick.

8:30pm-9pm:  "Cooking Competition....With a Gimmick."  Sabotage your competition and win pitiful sums of money.  Contestants are  human cattle to us.

9pm-10pm:  "Another Food Competition" or "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Douchebag."   We don't remember which one goes here but whatever,  you'll watch it.  You've already watched about 8 iterations of this type of show today, you'll watch this one too.

Fuck the Fucking Food Network.  It's all food competitions, douchebags, and Bobby's ego.  That's that the network has been reduced to.  I wish I never watched it before this shit was made the norm so I'd have no former self to compare today's to.