For the asshole driver this morning.

To this asshole this morning:

I hope you really needed those precious extra seconds to get where you were going. You behaved like a complete shithead and now I am in pain because of you. 

You see, I was on the bus heading back to my place after grocery shopping. I didn't even see you because I was looking out the window. But the bus driver did and you're lucky he didn't rear-end you. You, in your infinite wisdom, cut off a city bus in order to shave a fraction off of your commute to wherever the hell you were going. 

The bus didn't rear-end you and the driver was fine. However, I wasn't prepared. I went flying face-first into the metal bar next to the door (the one that acts as a hand-hold for elderly and disabled passengers to climb up). I now have three facial lacerations with brusing, a bruised and scraped left arm, two skinned knees, and a lump on my head. I am lucky I didn't break anything or sutstain a concussion. I am also lucky that the bus driver was good in a crisis and sat with me until EMS arrived, handing me paper towels to stem the tide of blood pouring from my face. EMS determined that I was not seriously injured and let me go home. I managed to get back to my stop and stumble home with my groceries. When I got in the door my horrified sibling actually thought I'd been hit by a car. I looked that bad.But blood washes off and injuries will heal. I am now starting to feel pain in several places I didn't know I was hurt but that will go away too. 

On the other hand, you will likely be getting a visit from the cops real soon. A nice man who was raking leaves managed to get your license plate number. And the bus has cameras. Both the nice man and I have given our names and numbers to be contacted should there be an investigation. While I am not optimistic that anything will really happen to you, I am sure hoping that for a little while you are afraid of being charged with something and sent to jail. 

I hope those few extra seconds were worth it. 