You helped us so many times. And now we can't help you because you did it to yourself.

I met you 14 years ago.  You had just inherited a commercial building with an apartment over it from your parents.  You were basically set for life.  All you had to do was basic maintenance and the other things a commercial landlord is expected to do.  Over the years you let me move into your other bedroom, introduced me to my future wife and helped us out financially more than a couple of times after we had moved away from you.

But what my now wife and I didn't know was that you were running yourself into the ground financially.  You never once renegotiated your tenants leases when they came due, you never once paid your income taxes, you never sent the government the tax portion of the rents you collected.  You never let an accountant do your books.  Even after my wife and I all but begged you to do this simple things.  Even after we offered to do these things for you.  Twice we saved your business by simply opening property tax notices you had let drop to the floor, unopened, because they weren't interesting to you.

And eventually it caught up to you.

The tax man finally showed up demanding their due.  You had to sell your building.  Fast.  And, after you paid off the two mortgages you had burdened your property with you had about 200k left.  Which you then wasted away over the next two years doing nothing other than renting a home and making more payments to the tax man.  Your schemes fell through because you would rather sit at your computer and do nothing instead of getting up and looking for work.  

I find you a minor job.  I drove you to the social assistance for help because you had almost no income.  I gave you advice.  I even got you firewood so you could be warm.  And then, after weeks of asking how things are going with your far above your income rent you tell me that bailiffs are likely going to show up on Monday to forcibly evict you from the house that you haven't paid your rent for since August 1st!  Even if it was a crap hole, even if you had been given an eviction notice.  Even then, I could have been of some help if you had just been willing to listen to the advice of someone other than yourself.  You don't even have a drug or alcohol problem.  Your problem is that you refuse to listen to anyone.

If I can swing it I will try to save your stuff.  But as for yourself.  There isn't anything more I can do for you.  I don't have the money to pay your rent for you.  And even if I did I'm pretty sure you would be right back in the same boat 2 months from now. 

 God help you, because I don't think I can anymore.