So tired of losing things

About a week ago. I lost my wallet. It wasn't stolen, I wasn't robbed, it just flat out disappeared. It makes me sad because I'm not somebody who loses things ya know? The wallet was surprisingly easy to replace. I even found a cool "The North Remembers" wallet which is being shipped over as this rant is being written. 

This week, I lost my iPod. It was a 7th generation 160 GB iPod. It's been less than 24 hours, but the iPod seems like it disappeared too. It's not in my car, it's not at my desk, it's not in the pockets of any of the clothes I wore, but this thing goes around with me everywhere. It's like my Discover card, because I never leave anywhere without it and I use it all the time at work so I can tune out boring co-workers and the police scanner right next to my desk (i'm a small-town news reporter).

If I could pinpoint where my frustration lies, it would be mutually split between the fact that I don't have my favorite music to listen to (all 100+ gigs of it) and the fact that it's so embarrassing to lose stuff. Believe me, I'm an intelligent guy. I don't lose stuff and I've had the same wallet and iPod for years. YEARS! How in the world could something like this happen in the last two weeks?

They always say to retrace your steps when you lose something and think back to the last time you definitely remember using it. For me, that would be probably Wednesday or Tuesady evening. I was listening to a chapter out of the A Feast for Crows audio book. I know I took my iPod to work on Thursday and when I first noticed it was lost, I thought to myself "Oh well, I must have left it in my car." I do that pretty often, but when I went to check my car it wasn't there. I'm talking it wasn't anywhere. Not under the seats, not in the little slot for cups and whatever else you're supposed to put in there, not in between the center arm rest and the seats either.

I've also checked in all the places where I use my iPod at home. It makes me mad that everything else is right in it's place, but my iPod has vanished. I need to stop thinking about it, but I just have this feeling I'll never find it again. I hope I'm wrong.

I hope when I go about cleaning tomorrow, it just magically shows up somewhere. I hope I just overlooked an obvious place, or that I'll find it nestled somewhere I never expected. I wish I didn't have to lose things so often.