Fuck Destiny and my friends and some other shit

This is a stupid ass rant but my mind is about to explode if I think about this anymore. My fucking real life friends abandoned me and another friend to finish the raid with redditors when it was convenient for them. Fuck our promise to each other to finish it together, because we've only been gaming for 6+ years together. I'm not even bad at the fucking game. God fucking forbid these motherfuckers ever wake up at a normal human time in the morning where we could play on the weekend, but nope if my ass wants to play with them 90% of the time I gotta stay up late as shit. Fuck the guys that work and take classes. I love y'all but fuck that pisses me off.

The second time we raid, we're playing with this terrible motherfucker. Under leveled, and hes going down allll the time. Don't know why we couldn't get a redditor this time instead, this guy is only friends with one guy in the raid. Not even the worst part, this fucker that didnt do ass got a piece of fucking raid gear. For a warlock (which i am too). What a slap in the fucking face.

Might as well get out the rest of my problems with the game. What the fuck is wrong with iron banner? How the fuck can a level 3 who does not have access to legendary gear or even rare for that matter compete, and only have a 2% damage penalty?! What the fuck is that about. 

Why did people bitch about the cryptarch before the patch? Are you that fucking desperate to max out everything in the game in the first month? Do you want fucking hand outs? Cryptarch purple welfare?

Why are there caps on marks and glimmer you can hold at one time? This is just fucking annoying. I hear that its in the name of fairness, yet people that have more time can keep rolling through raid to get gear and shit. How about making that fair to people who feasibly cant dedicate the time? Thats fucked up to never be able to get to 30 for having RL commitments.

I personally hate that exotics are sold it just totally defaces the value and exclusiveness. Also I feel that activision is behind these fuck up, but whether they are or not, fuck you activision. 

Bonus: Fuck my mom. That motherfucker divorced my Dad for literally no reason, kicks him on the street, ruins all his financial plans he made up to that point, fucking demands money all the time, and yet my maternal grandparents like him more than their own daughter, you delusional bitch. I can't wait to see in the next couple months when you get fucked and put on the street cause you cant afford the house your living in. 

Speaking of activision fuck all your call of duty games. The only good ones that have multiplayer IMO are COD4 and WaW. Fuck your reskins of guns and new maps and yet my dumbass friends get pulled into buying it because "It looks pretty good, better than the last", literally what I fucking hear everytime a new COD is announced.

Fuck hypocrite churchgoers. I don't even go to church but one friends mom goes, holds God and Jesus or whoever in high regards, yet as soon as she walks outta those doors, if she's not the most rascist motherfucker I've had the displeasure of knowing, I dont know who is.

Fuck the media for overhyping everything ever. But I guess thats the price I pay for being born in 'Murica