Stressful week, should probably vent this here before I shout it during work.

Going to make this one short. or try to atleast.

So I work in a restaurant where 90% of the employees are just listed as "Customer Service" and basically just do whatever needs to be done. I do all this without question, I'd prefer to work register some days as it's probably the easiest job if I let my manager's handle the phones. But some days I work the order station where I put people's orders in the oven and then they go pay with another person. 

Now the set up is a little weird. You order with me, you go to the register and tell them what you told me, they put it in the computer and the guy at the expo station grabs them on the other end of the oven and sends them out to you. It can be a bit confusing for the customers but it works. 

Now I also work with a complete idiot/asshole. I swear to god yesterday he might have turned into a female dog because he wouldn't stop bitching. Every 5 minutes he comes over (not a busy day but we still had alot of people ordering, and I can't be fucking with him around 12 customers trying to get some food.) and starts bitching about "make sure you get their order right, it's not matching up for me."

Okay shit head, I'm the first person they see, the register is the second, and you are the third person in this line. Why the fuck will you come up to me before you go to the register? It's bad enough we took down all the menus and changed anything that remained so I have to be doubly sure that I'm putting the correct thing in the oven without missing some side. I don't need you being stupid as hell because the customer either changes their order or the lady at the register hits the wrong button. 

Now that's that. I'm not perfect, sometimes I mess up an order and all it takes to fix is going "Hey can you put so and so in the oven for me?" and then send back the error.

Now comes his bitching. All day I could hear him going "Man I'm always doing extra shit, that's not my job." Yes, yes it is your job. You have the same job title I do. You only work the expo station because you suck at doing everything else. 

Here is my normal day: Clock in, work at the order station, clean the lobby, go to the register, take out the trash, do the dishes, work expo (because *someone* is too busy talking in the back or perving on underaged girls.) and finally set up salads or cut veggies or set up dressings. 

Here is this guy's day: Come in, refuse to clock in until the scheduled time, complain about how he doesn't want to work today, somehow manage to fuck up cutting pizza so I have to spend 10 minutes separating the slices, gets asked to do something and shouts out "not my job", complain for so long and so loud that either a manager asks him to clock out early or he sneaks off to eat food right when a rush happens. 

I swear to god I don't know why he hasn't been fired. This is an everyday thing. When he works the register it takes him 5 minutes to find the correct menu, he doesn't remember half the shit that goes with an order, god forbid if an attractive woman comes in because he gives them an ugly ass grin and they end up walking away with the universal face of creeped the fuck out. 

I'm also pretty annoyed because when one of our new coworkers (who happens to be a 17 year old girl) comes in I can hear him talking as if he's so very close to nailing her, and I feel like beating the shit out of him because she's told me many times how he's creeped her out, she doesn't feel safe, and just general shit that pisses me off because she's a friend. 

He's literally the only thing bad about this job, I can get annoyed with my boss' boss at times sure, but there are far more pros than there are cons. I'm leaving at the end of november so I don't have to worry about dealing with him for long, but I am sorely tempted to just beat the living shit out of him on my final day so he knows not to mess with people.