I'm over this 'cool girl' shit. enough. No more.

Here is my rant. I'm tired, I have food poisoning to the extent I have been vomiting blood and I will probably really regret this. 

I am SICK of being the cool girl. I am sick of pretending that I hate valentines day and taylor swift and romance.

I am sick of being totally fine that me watching downton abbey is so scornworthy and yet their cascades of cheerleader porn is 'just what turns them on'.

This isn't against men. I have wonderful friends, brothers and uncles whom I adore. This is against the men I date because I am heterosexual. 

Clearly, I have molded myself into every fucking shape imaginable so that they see me as 'the cool girl' not some fishwife harpy. Everytime I 'be myself' it isn't enough. I have never had a man who liked my actual colour of plain brown hair. Sure at the beginning, I am perfect, but then the requests come 'could you switch your birth control so you'd get bigger boobs?' 'Could you dye your hair black and get into martial arts cause I'm really into asian girls' 'could you dye your hair blonde as they are my usual type' 'I just find natural redheads way sexier'.

Dude, I get it. I am not your type. Why start dating me then? Lack of options? I date a dude based on their personality because if we go the distance, they will probably look like a raisin eventually. I just like a thinker. These men are, generally.

I get that a 30 year old man has a pick of the litter that he apparently did not in high school and somehow as a 32 year old woman, this means I am scrapped for a younger model he can complain about as generally not being on the same life path and immature, but really?

I am a smart, capable woman in my real life, but as soon as some douche with a penis starts to sniff around I automatically think 'what will be wrong with me this time?' because trust me, there will be something.

I know who made it this far probably thinks I'm a fat harpy who has to settle for the scraps. First of all, shame on you and secondly, I'm not. I have  a great figure and get called beautiful all the time. 

The moment I date these guys I get told the same things like a script. You're so perfect. You're so fun. You're so sexy. You're so smart. I work, I do a law degree, I have a keen interest in science and love reading. I don't club. I'm not a woo girl. It's just not me.

Yet every single time, despite the fact they don't call for days, or don't plan anything except for ridiculous text conversations, I get dumped. 

Dumped on my arse, because he has to 'find himself' or whatever and there I am wondering what I did wrong. This happens a lot. 

I'm not clingy, I have my own life, I have a high sex drive and I am really kind. You love surprise breakfast in bed? Done. Back rub? Awesome. But then they dump me anyway. I don't talk about marriage or commitment. They do, usually first off as how lucky I go out with them, and ending up with 'I just feel like I'm at a very difficult spot right now'.

I'm not choosing married men, I'm not choosing convicted felons or drug addicts. These are nice normal men. I don't drink or do drugs, I'm responsible. I'm fun.

Yet, it always ends the same way. 

Obviously, since this situation has now happened 6 times, it is clearly my fault, and I am taking time off to figure it all out. 

I'm not sure what will happen, but I would rather die alone than be badly accompanied.


