Bitch-zilla gets her 6 month review. This sh*t happens ALL the time; the worst employee is now center of focus. I hope I am not alone w/this situation...rage &amp; nsfw language .. longish rant and rambling.

The fucking bitch got her 6-month review on Friday...of course it was awful, nothing good in her review what-so-ever. But, since she has been here long enough to claim unemployment, management will now coddle her to make sure she is ok, she improves and she has things to do. 

She gave it the ol' "no one likes her" bit, but thankfully management said that they said (baiscally) she is a bitch and need to improve her "attitude"...

However, now she got herself in the position, that all terrible employees get to == the office/management is now completely focused on her; we have to make sure she is happy, we have to have meetings to find her things to do, we cant do our job because we area all hyper-aware that she is special and has to be treated different, she has have given her over 5 specific tasks and she has butchered them so we had to take them away -- because no one likes her.

During HER review, while getting railed on how she fails at everything,  she complained that people dont thank her when she transfers calls. Keep in mind, this is her fucking job to transfer calls and we get calls all day.  

I had to ask management if I thank them when they transfer calls to me (I literally didnt know due to the amount of calls)... both managers say "I dont know and I dont care if you say anything, just take care of the client".      

SO.... now we have a staff of normal people that can go throughout the day transferring calls to each other and not care about the personal greetings we give to each other .. EXCEPT ONE!  Again, now the office focus is her, not the clients. 

Current Mission Statement "Everyone make sure that the bitch-zilla gets thanked for doing her job, the rest of you behave normally, but make sure she is OK and she is happy.  That is our focus now."

The worst employee/person is now the center of the office. Any new goals or new strategies we have, as a company ... the meeting will begin with "will bitch-zilla be OK with this?", or "how can we do this without bitch-zilla getting involved?" 

Anyone else have a fucking turd in the punchbowl of the office that completely weasels themselves into being the the fucking center of attention? While being the least productive?    

Love this sub...