Dude, I was gonna help you, but you took off like a whiny bitch before I could

So, I was at my work (a grocery store) walking to our safe, carrying several thousand dollars in cash that I am required to immediately drop in the safe for security reasons, and you stopped me and asked where we keep the eggs.

Easy answer for me. "Dairy department,  right between the milk and yogurt. I can get someone to show you back there if you'd li--"

Then you interrupt me, "No, I want the 5 dozen pack. You didnt have it two days ago, or yesterday or today. The shelf is empty. Are you  too lazy ro stock it or are you not ordering it?"

Well, first of all, I'm a FRONT END manager, not a dairy/grocery dept manager. So I have nothing to do with stocking or ordering. But, I can still take a look in the back for you, since I know my way around the store pretty well.

"Oh, I'm sorry about that, sir. I'll head back and take a look for you right now, but I have to drop this money in the safe really quick, and then I'll-"

Interrupts me again, "Forget it!", he says, throwing his hands up, and walking away.

So I drop the money in the safe as I am required to do, and proceed to open a checkstand to alleviate the lines up front, which are getting kinda long.

Moments later, you walk up to my checkstand, carrying your 5 doz pack of eggs. 

"Oh, good!" I say, smiling, "Did someone grab those for ya?"

"No," you replied, shouting over the customer I'm trying to help on my checkstand "I went in the back and got it myself. Thanks for all your help"

Okay, so listen up, you little motherfucker. I was gonna help you, but you stormed off while I was telling you that. And then you interrupt my interaction with my customer and make an awkward moment for us, doing legitimate business.

Dude, if by some chance you're reading this, I'm sorry I couldn't take care of you while holding thousands of dollars of someone else's money. Next time, be a little more patient and not only will you get your eggs, but you'll get a sweet discount from me as my way of apologizing for the trouble.