Im mad about the legal system in my small town in georgia.

Some backstory. Back in my senior year of high school I got my first motorcycle. I did every thing backwards being 17 and decided to buy the bike before i got my license and what not. so i ride the bike around my dads neighborhood for a few days and a car pulled out in front of me. I didnt hit the car, but I wrecked the bike. some one saw and called 911 and police show up. arrest me for not having a license.   
about 6 months later I made a deal with the judge and DA to keep my license (being under 21, i could have had my license suspended until i was 21 for driving with out a license). Basically the deal was that I take a motorcycle safety course, pay the tickets for the driving with out a license, take an anger management course, and go on probabtion for 12 months (probabtion would be suspended upon payment. its some thing like 35 dollars a month that I had to pay and i just paid the whole thing upfront)   

So I take and compelte the motorcycle safety course. $200.   
Take an anger management course. $200.   
pay the probation and tickets. $700 some thing.   
I also had to hire an attorney so I wouldnt be railroaded. $1000.  
I turn every thing in to my probation officer. Literally sit down in front of her and say "is there any thing else you need? is my case closed?" and she replied "you are good to go. case closed stay out of trouble."   
fast forward to today, 3 years after my accident. Im moving out of state in 3 weeks. I get a letter in the mail from the court here in my small town and the case is open again! what?! so I call the probation officer because surely this must be a mistake. three years later? i ask her if she misfiled my file and its still open or what ever. she tells me that she was going through her files and decided that she would reopen my file and deny my anger management.   

I honestly feel like this is an attempt to make me pay more money than I already have. Im sure that when I go to the court house tomorrow to get this all settled out im going to here "well, we can settle this outside of court for $xxx"