Ladies, can you please stop using online dating sites as an ego booster. Thanks.

Just a quick rant here. 
Tinder, okc, pof and even fucking Craigslist all have two types of people and you'll know it off the bat. The person who wants to fuck and the person who wants to date, whatever bullshit line they use you'll pretty much get the sense of what they're looking after a 2min conservation. Some people might be more subtle about it and some people might be straight up about it. 

This rant is more aimed towards okcupid and Tinder, you post your best looking pictures and look you ladies know what type of pictures you're posting, I've been around women all my life to figure this out. You make your profile so inviting just to reject everyone? Then what's the point of being on there? Just to waste everyone's time? Or to make yourself feel better? Or just to toy with guys to only break their self confidence? 

I feel like when women only use these dating sites for attention and that's all. You string along guys and have the most one sided conversation ever in hopes to get a reaction from you. Like honestly on okcupid if you have a 98 percent match with someone and both of you have answered a large amount of questions at least check it out and see if its worth while. I'm not saying okc system is flawless but come on. 

I'm sick of women having nothing to offer, guys need a fucking list of traits to be considered. All women need is a vagina and look moderately good looking. I don't care what anyone else says but men have a lot lower standards than women when it comes to dating, men are willing to put up with more shit when it comes to personality. 

This is how I see dating sites. Men line up and women get to choose from the bunch. It's like their fucking shopping around and if they get approached then it's an issue but men don't approach then it's another issues. I guess that's why Tinder works so well but then again on tinder if you're opening line isn't fucking amazing she won't reply or only uses you for moment likes... The whole dating system is fucked. 

Tldr: women need to stop using dating sites as an ego booster, wasting everyone's time.