I live with idiots.

I live with my grandparents and a cousin with Fetal Alcohol Syndrome. But right now I want to focus specifically on my grandfather.

He's 73, sexist, and racist, and often times I'd like to slap him and see if it would get the point across--yet somehow I already know it wouldn't. All throughout the spring and summer, he bullied his wife, my grandmother, into writing checks for him. Said checks bounced. Constantly. So that put them behind on bills by a lot. In fact, it eventually caused the gas to get cut off, and the chances that it will be turned back on in time for winter are slim. Considering how he whined like a baby when cable nearly got cut off, and still whines about how it might get cut off, it's unlikely that it's going to get turned back on, because he'd rather have his TV. 

Now, he could go live with his mother, who doesn't live very far away. She has cable, heat, and somehow lives a much nicer life than we do. Possibly because she sells Avon on top of her SS check and two of her other sons live with her. She also spoiled the hell out of her kids, all boys, so my old man doesn't know how to use a stove, a microwave, how to wash dishes, or really how to do anything other than how to mow grass and make sandwiches. 

Since he is partially blind but refuses to wear glasses (they're just not cool enough for him or something) he can't see much of anything. Especially who is calling when his cell phone rings. So tonight, he gets a call from a bill collector, and instead of handling it and politely saying that we don't have the money right now and hanging up, he handed the phone to my grandmother so she could be harassed instead. 

And my grandmother? Well, she thinks it's a good idea to buy 90% junk food, order from an Italian restaurant every Saturday (and honestly she orders from a lot of places during the week, because she would just rather have that than for me or her to cook), and cave in to my *DIABETIC* cousin (the one I mentioned earlier) and buy him about 5 tons of candy. Because you know. That's what a diabetic needs. 

My cousin is generally annoying and refuses to acknowledge that he's diabetic. Still not sure how he hasn't gone into a coma yet from all the sugar he eats. He's also a rather cruel person, calling me names and every so often saying that I should kill myself and that I'm worthless. (It's almost like he's my depression turned into a person.)

Then there's me. I'm struggling to find a job right now. There's a place that I have a good chance at, and I'm hoping to land a spot there. 

If I can get a job soon, if my cousin would stop complaining and work 5 days a week instead of 3, if my grandmother would stop buying things we don't need, and if my grandfather would stop leaving lights on, water running, and quit smoking and playing the lottery... we would be in good shape if that all happened. Sadly the only one that has any chance of happening is the first one.

Now if only I could get myself to tell all this to my family.