I am a black woman. Why do we give ourselves such a bad name?

As the title says, I am a black woman, a negro, a woman of color, call me whatever you want.  I am proud of my ethnicity but for the love of god, why do we make things so hard for ourselves?  
  
1. Names. Oh. My. God.  Shaneequa is NOT a name.  It is not British, it is not American and it sure as fuck is not African.  Stop making up stupid names people!  I bet the people working in records offices loooove it when a black woman enters to register a birth.  
  
"Childs name please?"  
"Fashionequanelevon Jones"  
"..."  
  
2. We are meant to live in an enlightened age.  Yes there is still prejudice, but why do we insist on having "black only" things?

 - Black only scholarships.  If we had whites only they would be racist.  
 - Black churches.  I am a practising Christian and even I feel uncomfortable walking into a strange black only church.  They might not be strictly "black only" but if I dont feel comfortable in those places, fuck being a white person...  
 - Black unions.  Do we really need separate representation in the workforce?  No.  Imagine if we (as humans, not black people) allowed a whites only union.  
  
"Hello.  My name is Fashionequanelevon Jones. I work here.  Can I join your union?"  
"No"  
"Why not?"  
"Because you're black"  
"Racist!"  
  
 - Black only words.  A group of friends and I were having a discussion about offensive words and why we think they are offensive.  Our friend group is an almost even mix of black and white people.  Not one of the white people would utter the word "Nigger".  Now, we were not calling each other offensive names, we were discussing words we found offensive, there is a big difference.  When I asked why no-one had said "Nigger" one of my white friends genuinely said that TV and movies had influenced them so much that "Nigger" was considered a word only black people can say.  WTF?  A word is just a fucking word.  Yes, some might find it offensive (and if I hear you call me a nigger out loud, your name will be forever etched on my kill list), but for fuck sake, words do not "belong" to one race or another.  
  
"Hi.  My name is Fashionequanelevon Jones.  Welcome to my seminar..."  
"HEY!"  
"Yes?"  
"How dare you use that word!"  
"What word?"  
"Seminar!. Thats a whites only word.  Black people cant use it!  Who the hell do you think you are?  
"..."  
  
 - Ethnicity.  I am a black woman.  My skin is extremely dark brown.  I was born in Germany to a black English mother and a black French father.  I have lived in England all my life with the exception of University in Australia.  I genuinely filled out an application form for a job which asked my ethnicity to comply with anti discrimination guidelines.  Firstly, to ensure there is no discrimination, dont make people say what ethnicity they are and applicants will be chosen solely on the information in the application itself instead of the colour of their skin, and secondly, under "Ethnic Origin" I had the following choices:  
Caucasion  
Other European  
Indian  
African American  
Other  
  
I chose "Other European".  I am not African, my family is not African and I dont actually know a single black person from Africa.  I know several white South Africans but thats about it.  None of my family has ever been to America either.  I realise this application form was probably just a template downloaded from the internet but even so...  Why the fuck is African American even a thing?  
  
"Hi.  You guessed it, my name is Fashionequanelevon Jones.  I am a proud African American man..."  
"Excuse me?"  
"Yes?"  
"Were you born in Africa?"  
"No"  
"Were your parents perchance African?"  
"No"  
"Your Grandparents then.  One of them was African I take it?"  
"No"  
"Where were you born?"  
"The United States of America"  
"What about your parents.  Where were they born?"  
"in America my good Sir!"  
"Ok, what about your Grandparents.  Where were they and their parents born?"  
"Why, that would be America too!"  
"So you are 100% American going back several generations!"  
"Yes, Sir, that is correct"  
"So you are American then!"  
"No, my good man, I'm African American!"  
"..."  
  
 - Slavery.  Get the fuck over it already.  Let me clarify before I go any further.  This is the "slave trade" we hear about in history class.  The "slave trade" people are still demanding reparations for.  Not current slavery which is a terrible, terrible thing.  Please dont get the two confused.  I am talking strictly about the former, rather than the latter.  At the height of the slave trade in the 17-1800's, WHITE slaves outnumbered black slaves 3 to one.  In the Chesapeake area of the US, it was as high as 20 to one for a few decades.  Black people like me took part in the slave trade too.  Not as stock, but as buyers.   Thats right, black people owned slaves.  And our slaves were just as likely to be white as they were black.  How many white slave groups have you heard of demanding reparations from blacks?  None.  Its ancient history, leave it alone already.  If one of your white friends discovered an ancestor of theirs was kept as a slave by an ancestor of yours, are you going to pay them compensation?  Hell no.  Why the fuck should you?  You had nothing to do with it.  In the same way that I am never going to be entitled too slavery compensation for something that happened centuries ago just because I am black, neither are you.   
  
Why can't we all just get along?  
  
Edit: formatting...