Can't you see that you people are wasting your lives?

Note, this isn't dedicated at anyone on this site and probably is a bit of an exaggeration. So to give some insight, my current situation in life is so so, in the sense that, while I personally feel that I've lived quite a bit in 24 years, I've missed some societal milestones and that has left me working in retail. I work at a thrift store, doing essentially warehouse work. It's fine, I don't mind it much, i could aspire for more though, blah blah blah. Not what I'm here to rant about.

I'm here to get off my chest that I believe people are wasting way too much of their lives by buying shit they'll give away in six months to a year, wasting time in cleaning out houses and closets, wasting money on things that mean nothing, and I'm sick of seeing people waste their days coming and "donating" stuff. Which, listen, by definition you are, but having a "yard sale" where you sold nothing or coming here on a Monday morning and unloading a van full, so that you can get a tax receipt, isn't charity. It's you having nothing else to do and then trying to exploit the idea of charity for personal gain.

And yes, I'm aware that spending 3 hours cleaning out a house or packing some stuff up and spending a grand total of 20 minutes to drop it off doesn't seem like a lot of time wasted. But it's like, when I see 20 people in the span of 20 minutes at 9 in the morning, I can't help but think they have nothing else to do. No hobby, no job, no life, it's just the pursuit of materialism and the loss of the human soul. Life shouldn't be about buying a bunch of useless stuff so you can win some imaginary competition, it should be about making yourself proud and doing things for you. 

Instead of wasting the last few remaining weekends or whatever day you have off, where the weather here is slightly okay and at least you're not trapped in your house because of snow or ice or whatever, cleaning out a basement and coming here, you could be going on a trip, bonding with family, learning something. Yes, I'm aware you can do that any time of the year, there are many opportunities. But, it's like, if you're wasting this time now, I can't imagine you value your time elsewhere. 

I dunno, I'm wrong here, I know I am. But, i feel like, if you didn't waste money on pointless things and really put thought into the purchases you make, you won't be here in six months with another house cleanout. You'll be using that money on things that matter, things that won't clutter a closet and can mean something, or you'll buy stuff that you know you'll want forever. Things go out of style, kids grow up, people go through phases, I get that, but you should consider that before you buy a coffee maker or 300 pairs of pants for  baby. 

You're gonna drop of all this stuff and then go around to the actual store part or to another store or shop online and repeat process. I've seen people come here, clean out half a house, then go "oh man, that dresser over there looks great, I wish I could have it" for what? this is why you're here, no impulse control, no value of your money, no value of your time. 

You work hard for the money and you work hard to get a few days off, go enjoy them. Don't pull up here with a kid in the car and 30 boxes in the back, go bond with that child. Go show them that there is more to this world than swiping a piece of plastic so mommy can have a new dress or daddy can have a new shiny toy. Show them the value of life. 

Oh, and let's not forget about the charity aspect, I touched upon that. But it still grinds my gears. This isn't a good deed if you're giving me a bunch of crap and wanting to tell the IRS you donated. Personally, it should be because you have quality stuff that you don't want, but not an excess, and you don't want to be patted on the back for it. You do it because it's a good deed and you wanna help people. Oh and that boombox that you gave me from 1992, it ain't worth half of what you paid for it back then, so don't try to say it is. 

I helped someone move the other day, I didn't do it to get paid, I didn't do it to get brownie points, I didn't do it to go run around and paint myself as good person. I did it because it's a good deed and it doesn't hurt to help people out in this world.  

But if anything, you people have made me realize I'm wasting away here and I could be doing more. So thank you, thank you for the motivation to find myself and overhaul my life so I'm not like you in the future. So I can attempt to make as much time as I can, that i'm given count. And to not fall into the traps of greed, lust, materialism, and the other vices that leave you people probably miserable at home.

When the snow hits here and you're trapped in your house, I hope you realize you could've done way more with the time you had before hand, instead of what you did. 