I'm living in a pit of snakes

Throwaway because I'm just venting and some of my "friends" know my real reddit handle. (And I wouldn't want my momentary anger to get reported to some dickhead HR manager and result in me losing my job.)

My "friends" are unreliable, two-faced, lying, back-stabbing assholes, some of the people around me are scum looking out for their own asses more than anything else (almost-sociopathic scum who are willing to fuck me over in surreptitious ways so as to advance themselves professionally, only to then fake a smile and fake politeness when they actually see me face-to-face), and my family is a rabble of uncivilized idiots with borderline personality disorder.

I've always wanted that feeling of not being alone in the world, of having a "buddy" who could come to my rescue in the hardest of times----like the main character's partner in a buddy cop film, who rolls in and helps the protagonist defeat the antagonist as the soundtrack intensifies in those last few climactic moments in a movie. I thought I had found that kind of friend this year. Nope. It turns out that the people around me only *pretend* to give a fuck about me as a human being. When I need them, they try to avoid me as much as possible. When I summon the courage to socialize politely, they nope the fuck out of every encounter. I'm a fucking nuisance, a little kid bothering them and distracting them from more important affairs. Well fuck them. I won't talk to them anymore, contact them anymore, etc. I'll just give them one-word answers at work and that's it. Next time I get a phone call from one of them or a text message, I'll ignore it and let them feel the burn of not being important enough to receive my attention.

And I'll try to be as Machiavellian in the workplace as possible. See an asshole doing something they're not supposed to? I'll report it. Just like the hypocritical, faux-friendly whores and dickhead co-workers do when I make tiny technical mistakes that I could have fixed on my own without higher-ups getting involved. Some of the people in my workplace are trying really hard to ruin my reputation as a capable employee and get me fired because, apparently, they're competing with me for the same promotion to an available position. I didn't/don't give a fuck about that promotion. Actually, now I do give a fuck. I'm going to be the best employee in the company's fucking history so I can get that promotion. As soon as the open position in the company became common knowledge, the people around me----people I considered "friends" and "acquaintances"---turned against me so quickly and forcefully that I almost felt like crying in my shower like a faggot. The cruelty that people are willing to commit behind your back just to get a few more bucks is frightening and disheartening.

And don't get me started on my family. I make myself emotionally numb and keep my guard up ALWAYS when I'm in the presence of family members because, one minute, they can be my trusted friends and, the next second, they can be yelling at me and picking apart my self-esteem. Thankfully I'm moving out and living on my own soon (holy fucking yeah! finally!) and I won't have to deal with their bullshit anymore.

Well, that's my rant. I'll probably leave my job for another job in the next few months if it keeps being this bullshitty.