Stop telling me not to marry my boyfriend.

I'm 20 and recently went back to college after taking a semester off. I've been dating my boyfriend (22) for 2 and a half years. We met in high school. He was a really popular jock on the football team and I was the biggest nerd and I ate lunch alone. We ended up meeting up at a party right after I finished high school. We fell in love and all that other cheesy crap. Haha. He's an absolutely amazing man and he's more perfect than I ever could have even dreamed up. I know I want to spend the rest of my life with him. He knows he wants to spend the rest of his life with me. We're not officially engaged in the sense that he hasn't given me a ring and gotten down on one knee and all that other jazz. But we've discussed it many times and we know he will. I just want to finish school first (I should be about 23 when I finish and he'd be 25). I get it, we're young. Anything can happen. Blah blah blah. We've talked about all that too. First of all, we're happy now and not doing something because it might turn out bad sounds like a sucky way to live. 

Not here's the rant. People who barely even know us feel the need to give their opinion. (Probably because anyone who knows us knows we love each other and we're making the right choice.)

The other day in school some woman, we'll call her M because when I looked up her name on Facebook it started with M, came up to me when I was waiting for class to start. She's in my class but she's probably only shown up like 4 times out of the almost 20 classes we've had so far. I spoke to her once when she asked if I could give her my Facebook in case she had a question about class. She's at least 40something, married with 3 kids, pregnant again and going back to school. I felt bad for her so I gave her my Facebook info. She didn't know my name at the beginning of that conversation. When she friended me she saw a picture of Michael and asked if that was my boyfriend. I said yes. That was it. Anyways...

I'm sitting on the floor and M walks over, doesn't even say hi, and goes "So are you getting married or not?" I was caught off guard so I said "What?" She said "Are you getting married or are you not getting married?" I wasn't sure if she was asking out of curiosity or if she meant my boyfriend specifically so I said "You mean to Michael?" She said yes and I said "Of course!" To me, that question sounds like "Do you breathe!?"





She said "Why?"

Me: "I love him and I want to spend the rest of my life with him." 

Her: "You'll be miserable." 

Me: "What?" (I'm honestly shocked at this point.) 

Her: "Do you even know what being married entails?"

Me: "Do you mean things like cookings, cleaning, taking care of the kids and things like that? Or do you mean the communication, compromise, trust, unconditional love, and things like that?" 

Her: "No. Let me tell you something, being married is terrible. My husband is my best friend but if I could do it over again I never would." 

Me: "Michael is my best friend and I'm the luckiest girl in the world that I have him by my side." 

Her: "You're a baby. How old are you?"

Me: "20." 

Her: "You don't have any life experiences and he's your first boyfriend." 

Me: "Not that it's any of your business but I've gone through hell and back more times than I can count. I went through more crap before I was even a teenager than most people do their entire lives. Oh, and he's far from my first boyfriend." 

Her: "This is puppy love." 

Me: "This isn't puppy love." 

Her: "Think about what I told you." 

Me: "I don't need to." 



Keep in mind that this women doesn't know ANYTHING about me. 


I was physically, sexual, and mentally abused, I went through a criminal trial when my parents got divorced and I even had to testify, I survived like 3 attempted murders, I was almost kidnaped, I was bulled all through school and never had anyone to talk to, a boy tried to stab me for being ugly, I went through a lot of "he's just using me" kind of relationships, I went through one really abusive one, I've dealt with my mother admitting she hates me and not wanting to deal with me, now add all that onto the usually bullshit all girls go through. I've seen some shit. 

I've learned enough life lessons to know that when you find a man who loves you unconditionally and will bend over backwards to make you happy you don't give that up. I have PTSD and GAD and I put him through a lot of bullshit. If I were him I'd hate me. But when I'm crying hysterically in the corner because something triggered me and I'm cursing him out and telling him I hate him you know what he does? He fucking holds me tight until I'm okay again. If I'm sick he comes over and takes care of me. He sleeps on the phone with me on nights he can't sleep over so I feel safer. He's the one who takes me to doctors appointments and to register for school. He comes food shopping with me and takes my guinea pigs to the vet with me. He's the one who does everything for me. He's like one of those guys from the cheesy lifetime movies that you look at and go "Guys like that aren't real..." EXCPET HE IS FUCKING REAL! And I'm so fucking lucky. My life has been hell since the day I was born and I finally for once have a little piece of paradise. Let me fucking enjoy it!! 

I have to see this woman again at 3:00PM. Not looking forward to it. 

