My college professor wants me to learn a 1984 text editing language because Microsoft Word "is not professional enough"

Senior college student here. My "Production and operations management" professor wants us to submit a written report every week (Between 10 and 20 pages, depends on the topic or type of report).

Everyone in my college uses Microsoft Word. We used it to write the first report. After viewing some reports, she said "Did you guys write this using Microsoft Word? It doesn't look professional.. You should start using WinEdt with LaTeX."

For those who are not familiar with these two: LaTeX is a document markup language that was created in 1984, and WinEdt is a text editor that Supports LateX. It was created in 1993. You know how you can center a title in Word with one click of a button? Yeah you can't do that in WinEdt. You have to write "\begin{center}" before the title, and "\end{center}" after the title.

You know how you can insert an image in Word with 2 or 3 clicks, or even drag-and-drop? For WinEdt you basically have to download and install a package called "graphicx", write a command line at the beginning of the text to open the package, and then write another command line containing the path that leads to where the image is located in your hard drive.

She's a not my programming professor, she's not my Technical Writing professor.. No.. She's my Production and Operations Management (POM) professor. And instead of spending my week end studying other subjects and preparing for next week's exams, I have to sit here and Google stuff like "how to create a table in WinEdt" and "how to break line in a long equation in WinEdt". I have wasted an entire afternoon just to do the formatting of the first 3 pages of my report. Every time you try to export your work into PDF format there's a 50% chance you're gonna get an error because of a missing "}" or some bullshit. And it's not like the error messages always tell you in which line exactly there's a mistake or an unknown command.

I have 6 other subjects that require my attention and time, not to mention several projects that I need to finish by the end of the semester (designing a commercial website, creating a program that manages the finances of a supermarket etc..) and I REALLY don't need this shit right now. I'm gonna go back to using Microsoft Word and she can go fuck herself.
