The best awakening EVER.

I drifted out of sleep, in this darkest and stormiest of nights, feeling like I had to pee urgently. Ever felt that? How the sound of falling water makes your bladder go all tingly?

I got up from bed, my feet on the cold ceramic floor waking me up further. I went to the bathroom, turned on the light, and my eyes widened comically as I saw the source of my peeing urges: a leak the thickness of my wrist falling from the roof.

Seriously, I freaked out. I went to the upper story and peered out of the window to the balcony, and it was so dark I could barely see a peep. I positioned the desk lamp I have next to the window so I could see, and boy… the whole balcony (a big one, at that) was flooded. The damn drain was blocked, and that in the first heavy rains of the year.

I went out, buck naked under the rain, with the water touching my ankles, and managed to unblock the drain. There came a loud gurgling sound and the water started to swirl and whorl and go down the pipe.

Relieved, I went out of the rain, shuddering - remember, I was fully naked -, turned out the lamp, and went to the lower story, where the bathroom is. I got into the shower, turned it to its almost hottest setting and luxuriated in it for a while, soaping up and letting the hot water wash away the cold and the distress.

I picked up the towel and went out the door to dry off… and as soon as I stepped out (not a minute earlier, not a minute later) the freaking roof fell down. Fell. Down. With plaster, wooden canes, bricks and all that construction shit that is supposed to be hidden from view. 

Fuck. FUCK. My mom, whom I live with, was still asleep - she’s old, almost eighty, and a quite sound sleeper. She didn’t even notice the roof caving in.

I went to my room, toweling dry as I went, took the phone, went back to the bathroom and took pics of the roof - caved in — and the floor — smothered in debris — and sent them to my brother, who lives out of town with his wife and his kid.

Ten minutes later I get a call from him. He asks me about what happened, and we talk for a lil while… and then he just starts sobbing. Just like that. I asked him, “what’s wrong, bro?”, and he breaks apart. “My wife wants to divorce me. Soon. I’m going back home with you and mom for now.”

Isn’t this the most agreeable, nice, and wonderful way to wake up on a friday? At least I got the day off from work, so I’ve got that going for me.

P.S. I already took away all the debris, but I’ve got pics to show if you want. 
