Learn to speak like a fucking adult you fucking man-child

**TL;DR: Dumb me locked my bike onto a stranger's bike. after eating, i see a dude freaking out about his bike being locked to my bike. he yells and curses me off for the next 30-40 mins, asking to be paid in cash for my mistake. i tell him that i had no cash and that i'm not going to be paying him for this. he asks for name and number so he can take me to court. random, hyped up lady yells at me saying that i should pay him a $100 dollars**

so i decided to have lunch with my friend and we went to a restaurant. after eating, i go outside and i see chaos unfold over a few bikes. three people (2 guys and a girl) were all talking and one guy was freaking the hell out.
i go up to them and the girl goes, "is this your bike?" and i look down and i realize, holy fucking shit, it's my bike.... i accidentally must've locked my bike onto one of the guy's bike.

and of course the one guy that was freaking the hell out was the owner of the bike that i locked mine onto... he continued to curse and freak the fuck out and i remained calm and told him to stop cursing.

he then tells me the following, " B/C OF YOUR DUMBASS IM LATE TO MY FIRST DAY OF WORK. FUCK YOU.... BUT YOU WOULDN'T KNOW ABOUT WORK, WOULD YOU?! BECAUSE YOU'RE SOME HIGH, PREPPED UP PENN STUDENT WHO DOESN'T EVEN KNOW WHAT A JOB IS!"

me: "... i actually go to Drexel." 

him: "...oh, YEAH WELL STILL!"

then the woman, who has no relations with the man freaking out randomly interrupts our conversation and goes, " you should pay him like a 100 bucks for this..."

the entire time i'm thinking, "wtf?" and the guy freaking out is like "YEAH, PAY ME OR I'LL FUCKING TAKE YOUR ASS TO COURT!!"

since apologizing didn't work, i started to get pissed off as well cuz the dude was continuously cursing me off and belittling me, then the woman once again interrupts the conversation and goes, "YOU KNOW, I HAVE ALL OF THIS ON CAMERA!"

and i'm like, "oh really? can i see the picture on your phone?"

and she pulls out her phone and takes a picture of me and my bike (in other words, she actually didn't have anything on camera, she was just bullshitting to help the guy get cash).

then the dude freaking out goes, "what yours name and number?"

and i'm like, " uhh... what for?"

and he's like, "if you don't pay me now, i'm going to take you to court."

and at this point, i really didn't have any cash on me, so i told him, "look dude, i don't have cash on me, but if you want, take me to court."

then of course he freaks the fuck out because he REALLY wanted money from me.

knowing that he probably won't actually take me to court for this stupid shit ( and even if he does, he'll be wasting more time and money taking me to court rather than actually going to his job)

i gave him my real name and number. then he goes, "O-OKAY THEN, I-I GUESS SINCE YOU WON'T PAY ME NOW, I'LL SEE YOU IN COURT."

i'm like, "alright dude, i'll see you in court." then i left.

right now my brain is still "what the fukk? but whateves, i'd be really surprised if he actually takes me to court for something as small as this.

In all honestly, for people who don't know me, I felt extremely bad for the guy, but he shouldn't have yelled and cursed at me like he did. If he had actually spoken to me like an adult, i would have honestly gone out of my way to withdraw cash and give the guy some money for his troubles, but he completely acted like a child.
By any chance that you're reading this: dude, you've got to learn to grow up and be more mature. I fully admit that I made a mistake and I said I was sorry repeatedly. But you screaming and cursing at me isn't going to solve anything. Next time, learn to converse like an adult.

Sorry for the terrible grammar, I don't feel like editing. 

Edit: It has been almost 2 weeks (13 days to be exact) and no phone call, no mail, and no text from him. For some reason, I'm not surprised. Thanks to everybody for your comments. 