God Damnit...

I love you. I love you so much. That's why this is so hard for me. It's easy to feel angry and then think about walking way. But then the memories of perfect times keep flooding back to me. How beautiful I thought you were. How perfectly I thought we fit together. How I thought it was impossible to find somebody who understood and was like me in so many ways. Fuck it hurts for our relationship feels like it's on it's last fringes. All I wanted was for you to be there for me and my family when my dad underwent chemotherapy. We were literally at the on campus hospital where we go to school...twenty minutes would have been sufficient. But no you had stuff to do. I get it. It was last minute and not planned. But then I see that you had time to walk to the store, get candy and CDs, walk back to your apartment, download a computer game and play it? You can't find time to go to the hospital to say hi but you can find time to do all that? Not even a text message to the man who has opened his home to you, taken you on vacation, driven you back and forth from the airport, let you store your stuff at our house while you went back to California for school break, and treated you with love and kindness? It takes twenty seconds to text somebody...don't tell me that you don't have the time. And when I tell you that I felt hurt by your actions you get angry at me? You tell me that you've been under so much stress and therefore I'm being insensitive by feeling like you should have at least sent a text? And you call me a horrible person? Yeah a horrible person whose father might not make it to see him at commencement....I can't get your words out my head. "You're a horrible person..." a horrible person for being sad that you didn't at least think of me or my family in this time? You say that telling me to tell them you're sending good vibes is enough...no you yourself said actions speak louder than words. I'm more heartbroken than angry at this point...you will never change. You will always find someway to excuse the way you acted if it hurts somebody. It's always somebody else's fault...it's never yours. I love you but this is tearing me apart. Why can't we just go back a year ago to where everything was perfect? How did we go from the perfect couple to this? 