Manager playing telephone and starting drama

As a caregiver in a home setting There's a fair share of drama already, let alone the drama managers bring. 

The particular shift I do is Saturday, 6am to 10pm and Sunday, same hours. During these 32 hours I take my patient out to do a lot of stuff. Rather it is to go see a movie, walk around the park, visit friends or family,  craft shows, festivals, drives around the area....you name it. I also take her to church on Sundays from 11am to 12pm and I'm an atheist!  

With this being said, chio = community outings, assisting patient with independent living in a public setting... Every patient, by state, is approved for a number of hours. 

My patient is approved for 13 hours a month. I exceed this just on the weekends alone and I'm the ONLY one doing it. 

Appointments are not chio,  grocery shopping isn't chio because it's a necessity, getting money from the bank only takes 10 minutes...so from Monday through Friday I am finding that the manager is only doing MAYBE 2 hours total of chio.  

On top of the issue of my manager not doing her amount of chio,  she writes me personal notes and passes messages through other staff. So, shes leaving me messages for EVERYONE to see and then playing telephone for everyone to hear instead of coming to me directly about the issues. 

Last week, i wrote a note for ALL staff who work in the home to see. Not something personally to anyone, just a general request. It simply said, "staff, please speak with patient to figure out a plan for weekends. Also, if its extremely cold out i will not be taking her to church due to flu season. I cannot afford to become ill." 

This morning the team lead already started the drama. She writes me a personal note that states I must take her to church no matter what the weather is and that I must take patient where she wants to go, when she wants to go. At the end of this message she wrote, "THIS IS OUR JOB." 

I felt that this was so unprofessional and rude...and grammatically incorrect since she cant even spell half of the god damn words correctly. 

Due to this, Since it is 7am, I sent her a text message explaining that I do my fair share of chio with the patient. I do more than anyone else in the home does and I'd appreciate a thank you instead of a really unprofessional note left for all of the staff to see. I also mentioned that I don't like the telephone game because it turns in to he said she said drama. On top of taking the issue directly to the source that is causing it I went above her to her boss...the head honcho really. 

I explained that I have a few concerns regarding drama in the location and that I felt it's unprofessional and unnecessary of my manager to leave personal messages to an individual stuff member, Especially leaving messages with other staff for other staff members to relay, is rude and I would appreciate If this issue were to be addressed. 

Would this piss anyone else off? If you're obviously doing more than your share at your job and your manager isn't doing ANYTHING She's suppose to yet leaves these shitty messages for everyone else to read...?