I wrote a letter to "God". Here it is.

NOTE: I'm not intending to bash anyone's religious or spiritual beliefs. I just wrote this to get some feelings out. Because of this, some of it might not seem coherent. Feel free to comment.

Dear God,
I don’t know why I’m writing this. Maybe I’m just going crazy.

But if your real (which I think is very debatable), then I wonder just how logical you really are. Why is it that you’ve put me through all that you have? All the bullshit I’ve had to endure up to this point, being left with nothing but problems that exist only in my head.
What sucks about that is I can’t ask for help. Anyone I talk to about how if feel is going to think I’m crazy, or that I’m just being over dramatic, or whatever else. I feel like no matter how hard I try, I’m never going to be truly understood. I feel like I think on a different plane then everyone else. I feel like I’m different in ways that I can’t even express.
I’m tired of feeling like I’m the only one like me.
I’m tired of feeling like no matter what, I’ll always come second. Everyone I care about has someone in their life that they will always care about more than me. No matter how much they want to deny it, it’s true. Why do they even keep me around? Because they need “that one good friend”? Do they need that one guy to vent to when their loved one irks them just a little bit over the small stuff?
I’ve been told to look to you and pray to you whenever I’m in trouble, but I really don’t think it does much. How do I even know your real? What have you even done for me other than set me in circumstances, provided your even the one that does that?
Hell, you know what? Fuck it. Fuck you. If you’re not even going to acknowledge me, fine. From here on out, until I hear from you directly, it’s a two way street.
And don’t give me some bullshit like “God gives you a sign” or “God wants you to figure it out” or blah blah blah. Honestly, I’m tired of hearing fucking excuses. If your actually there, and you actually give a fuck, then come here and say it to my face. If your so “all powerful”, then you should be able to do it in a way that makes it to where I can’t deny your existence. So if that’s the case, why haven’t you? It would only make sense, right?
Maybe I just need a scapegoat or someone to blame for all the shit flying around in my head, and its probably hypocritical to blame it on something I claim doesn’t exist. Either way, it feels good to just get it on paper, or electronic display or whatever.
I think I’m going to go ahead and wrap this crazy thing up. Given that this is a letter, I’m not sure where I’d actually send this. Maybe I’ll send it to the North Pole so Santa can pass it along to you.
Not so sincerely,

/u/phoenixlemon