My stupid Geometry teacher

I am a Sophomore student and one of my math classes is Academic Geometry. I am extremely quiet in Geometry class because I want to learn and I don't know anyone in my class. What is pissing me off is how my Geometry teacher grades everything.

Let me get started. I have a lot of personal problems burdening me down to the ground that I ignore because it shouldn't really affect me. I'm not going to get into detail because I want this to be a rant, not a novel. Math is one of my least favorite subjects because of the fact that it could simply cause confusion. It's one of those courses where I have to retry problems in order to get the hang of them. 
The only problem with that is my fucking Geometry teacher is too stubborn to acknowledge it. 

Grades are not about completion but, it is about correction. I hate teachers who do this shit because I'm mostly wrong doing answers (esp without a calculator) because of course I'm going to have tons of errors in my problems. She grades my At the bells (problems before class starts) poorly because of how many I got wrong. This eventually takes a toll on my grade.

I'm one of those students who have parents that are not so smooth about my grades. Anything below an 85% (B+) I will get grounded. Now I could understand I could take tutoring yadayada but she expects us to do this shit without a fucking calculator. Trying to do something like long division (pfft) can fucking give me a damn stroke by just looking at my work. I understand shes making us getting ready for the finals because of open ended, but she literally has been doing this for fucking 2 months when there is only like 10 fucking questions.

You better buckle your fucking seat belts up for this shit because this shit is going to rock your fucking socks off. On Tuesday our progress reports have just been handed out. I am absolutely fucking DISGUSTED about what comments my Geometry teacher has put for me.

Next to our grade, a teacher may give us an optional comment depending how the student's performance is. My teacher said I am "Overly Social" in class. Are YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME. Literally, my class is full of fucking speds and the ONLY time I actually talk to them is if I'm asking THEM a question or if they're asking ME a question WHICH ONLY HAPPENS WHEN THE PLANETS ALIGN IN A ONCE IN A FUCKING LIFETIME EVENT WHERE SATAN IS DUELING GOD ON TIGHTROPES ON THE FUCKING VOLCANOES IS WHEN I ASK THE OTHER STUDENTS QUESTIONS (WHICH IS PRETTY FUCKING RARE). The reason why I'm really fucking pissed about this is when my fucking parents see this, they're going to flip their shits before I could even EXPLAIN. 

My Geometry class is fucking depressing or is it me that's the only one who makes it so fucking depressing there. I literally sit in fucking silence like a damn marine sniper until I answer a fucking question that the teacher tells me. The most ironic thing about me being "overly social" is that Geometry is literally the only fucking class I'm dead fucking silent in. Language Arts I talk from time to time, not all that much. But In CIVICS, I am extremely talkative and yet I have the highest grade in Civics on my progress report.

I'm sorry if this is student drama for you but I really want to get this shit off of my chest. 