Facebook is the equivalent of an Eternal High School

Facebook is the equivalent of an Eternal High School. The reason why I said that is because, most of the people on  there are the remnants of a fake reality known as High School that you want to take with you for the rest of your days. I have been thinking about deleting it, just cause I don't get anything useful out it anymore, and besides they sell their users info. 
I tried using it to make new friends but it is fucking difficult to even achieve that feat because the people on there, apathy tends to leak off of their profile photos.
The who you may know function of it looks like stripper rejects anonymous, I'm like I don't know these Hep C infested bitches.
I'm getting annoyed with the Buzzfeed posts, granted at first I think they are hilarious but now its a Journalism Joke, Since they introduce stupid lingo like Basic. I'm like what the fuck, yes I typed out instead of wtf. Anyways, why are we using pro-nouns as insults, I'm guessing people are running out of shit to say to insult someone.
Another annoying thing is the oversharing of family photos. I'm like um so you squeezed out a crumbsnatcher. Good for you, enjoy a year or two of sleepless nights. And the selfie spam, Goddamn it who the fuck do you think are Americas Next Top Idiot. One selfie is okay, two maybe, but a whole fucking scrapbook of headshots of your mug only. That tells me you got some self esteem issues that you have yet to conquer. 
I think everyone can agree with me that Vaguebooking is the most annoying thing that I come across. I read shit like "It hurts" "This Sucks" Im like really you are that fucking lazy to post a status. I don't know how you got an office job.
Here's a big one, The thirsty lot. They only talk because of how you look or in hopes of getting into your pants. Seriously that's why some baby-mama drama happens in the first place, I won't be surprised to see someone I know appear on Maury, or Bill Cunningham. 

So I came to the conclusion that Facebook is like High School except you don't get assingments, you get drama. If you do something wrong on there you get permabanned.


 