So over this shit... Money is simply paper rectangles and hold no TRUE value

I’m so tired of the way that our society has turned their back on humanity in exchange for money. There are millions of examples of this happening in our every day existence but there is one situation that has hit home so hard that it is burning me up from the inside. It is truly stoking a fire that had just been smoldering embers for some time now. I feel the pressure building and as I fantasize about turning bone to pulp, I have to consciously dispel the hate so that it doesn’t consume me.

Over four years ago, while coming home from work, my dad was involved in a car accident that left his back severely injured. He was “T-boned” by another driver and it was, without a doubt, the fault of the other driver. The other driver admitted fault, and was confirmed by the police that followed up at the scene. He received a cracked and compressed vertebrae which is causing the disc to bulge out and press on a neighboring nerve. The nerve issue is causing his legs to go numb while his back is in constant agony. So why, four years later has my dad had to endure constant pain, while a procedure to repair his back is available?

The answer is simple and ugly and infuriating, greed… 

My dad has lived in constant pain for over four years because the lawyers that got involved have been playing games with my father’s health so that they can profit. The lawyer from the insurance company is trying with all his might to pay as little as possible while the lawyer my dad hired is doing nothing more than trying to maximize his own profits. 

I learned a bit of how this game is being played and it honestly just blows my mind at how corrupt our system has became. The law firm “representing” my dad has been sending him all over to get a treatment here, a treatment there trying to inflate the doctor bills so that they can ask for more money from the insurance company. All the while he is sending him to specific doctors who are altering the costs of those procedures in order to help facilitate a larger bill, actually admitting to me that they will not charge the law firm that amount when it is time to settle. Who knows what the procedures actually cost as the lawyer will be the one to absorb the difference.

That is why he is being sent to physical therapy to resolve something that it couldn’t possibly resolve. Why not look at the MRI results and see it for what it is and treat the ACTUAL issue? The answer, and I shit you not, is that after the lawyer took his share of the money there would not be enough money left over for the procedure… That is a fact, that was the reasoning. (The lawyer is taking 45% after he told my dad 30%!! Gotta read the fine print with these guys as buried deep in the contract it states that if the case goes to litigation the rate increases by 15%)

The lawyer from the insurance company is calling my dad a liar and a fraud stating that “He can’t be hurt too bad, he went back to work.” 

My dad is from the old school, a man with true grit. When confronted by his lawyer about this he simply said, “How else am I going to live? No one is going to feed me.”  This statement broke my heart…

It pains me that my dad has fell victim, especially living in the red state of Texas, being constantly assaulted by the ignorant hate mongering of FOX news and the like, to the constant message that if you get public assistance, you’re a “taker”, a scourge on the population and without merit. My dad is a proud man and so with a broken back, he goes to work day in and day out, in constant pain. All the while awaiting some form of justice, that I fear no longer exists in this world.

He used to tell me that if you work hard, with integrity, and honor, you will get where you want to go, but when I look at him now, in fear of becoming “useless” and depressed because he is unable to do the things that he could do just a few short years ago, I know the reality. There is no honor in our system. And while the focus of this life is measured in currency, it will not return. 

He is still working to get this sorted out and still living in daily pain. He was able to get health insurance and thanks to recent developments in legislature, his “pre-existing condition” will be allowed. He had issues finding a doctor who would do the procedure since it was held up in litigation as they wanted to ensure that they would be fully compensated for the surgery. As it stands now, it is still in the air. I hope that he can find his relief soon and return to his former self as he wants nothing more than to be “useful.” It is breaking my heart and I don’t know what to do to help him through this time in his life.