Interacting with you makes me feel like the Hulk

I get so angry every time I have anything to do with you anymore. What the fuck happened to you? We were best friends; you were a weird little kid, following me around with your Gollum sticker book at baseball. I was a weird little kid and we hung out together, doing stupid shit - fuck we were stupid together, but in a fun way. Now you're stupid and that's all there is to it, and I can't stand it. You had me make all those fucking promises to you - not to let you turn out like your brother, that we'd always be friends - all that stupid, fucking, sappy shit that you want to believe is happening. When you're friends for over a decade - yeah, we thought it was going to happen! Why not? 
 

And then you had to get all fucked up. What the fuck happened to you, friend? You were my best friend. We did EVERYTHING together and now I feel as though every single thing I stand for, you ridicule. 

I can't stand talking to you on the phone because you're either drunk, high, or you never pay attention when we're talking. We used to talk for hours, about everything, and now you can't even pay attention for five minutes. 

Every fucking thing that I value in my life, I feel as though you constantly fucking demean and belittle. Can't you have any kind of respect than to constantly post "fuck the cops" and every other angsty, teenager-y "fuck the system" "anarchy is all there is!" and about how anyone who is "normal" is boring, a loser, and getting nothing out of life? 

Do you even have any fucking respect for me anymore? Why the fuck can't we be friends without you shoving this shit in my face constantly - fuck you, because I don't rub anything in your face. I don't mock you for what you do - even though I think it's completely idiotic, a waste, and a shame.

 I did so much for you; we did so much for each other. What the fuck happened?!  I talked to you any hour of the night, for as long as you needed, ever. I woke up at 3AM and talked you until you fell asleep, telling you stories when you were tripping out; you were bawling because you got locked out, and thought you had scales, and that the floor was made out of liquid. I'm so fucking tired of trying so hard to be your friend; having to constantly feel like a fussy, stick in the mud because you can't do anything anymore without it being illegal or stupid.

Why the fuck can you not just be civil? Why the fuck can't I text you, call you - for fuck's sake, I can't even fucking look at your facebook page anymore because it's full of nothing but hateful things, disguised as you feeling enlightened. 

Fuck you and fuck your drug and alcohol-hazed view of the world and me. Fuck you for stealing away my friend - the person you used to be. Fuck you. Fuck you so much. 

I just want my friend back.