HomeLess War Veterans.

&lt;h1 class="title"&gt;SO HELPLESS&lt;/h1&gt;


While we sit here and play with our phones and laugh, hang with friends and have a good time and eat take away food and yet we don't give two fucks about the  People who put their life on the line! their one life.

 If they die thats it, forgotten until that one day where we remember them, But do we really remember them? The people that were there remember them, but do we as citizens Really fucking remember them, I know i DO! But do you? Do you get that sinking feeling in your stomach every time you see war footage, when you hear of a soldier hurt do you feel sick and feel your eyes welling up in pain?
We just leave these Champions int he dark. Some have families to come home to, Some don't, Some come home and get boycotted like they were when they came back from Vietnam. 

Yet here we are, people, moving on with our lives and for what? to take life for granted, Drink our beers and eat our food, while we sleep in our fancy houses!! It’s bullshit, That's what it is!, they don’t deserve they crap reception they get, they really don’t. 

Maybe I'm a little more connected than some others, I grew up as part of the Cadets here in Australia with Almost all of My Family in the Forces. My Uncle Is Assistant Inspector General Of the Australian Military and I fear for his Life as i do the Rest of the Troops.

We don’t put our life on the line for no one, We never have and probably never will. We just take take take Take from this pathetic excuse for a Society.

What have i done with my life? I spent my life dedicated to helping people. Local homeless, friends, and family as well as random people don't the street on on facebook "i'll mow your lawn for free, clean your house etc." I don't know how to help :'( and that makes me even more angry that I'm helpless. I don't have a job. I have a list of over 200 resumes i have sent off just this year! I been looking for work for Three Years, but that's another Story!

Nothing can compare to someones own life which they only have one of. Yet they are treated like shit, with no support from the government and now with a wage cut on the horizon, councils are complaining about homeless sleeping on the streets Yes in Devenport there is an Old abandoned Hospital that could be used to House Homeless and rehabilitate them with people offering Free time to help restore the building and  get it working as a Donation-of-time center to keep it running. Why are people not willing to open their homes to help these people I have done so for years. and Only one bad thing happened and that was my Mobile phone was stolen. But hey, that's one persons mistake, that's no reason to Stop serving cause of one Issue! 

I’m sick of seeing it The vets do not fucking Deserve it, you know. I hope someone can offer me a job to help these people. I don't Drive But i will fly to you to help homeless people. My communication skills with people are great, and 'im university educated.

I’ll spend the rest of my life helping them. Everyone need purpose in life and helping the vets get back on their feet would mean the most to me, but more so for them.



~Rant Over


