Grades and the Pressure to Succeed

I realise that I'm going to sound like a whiny bitch, but I'm just frustrated.

I am a high school senior in a class of 650+. I am in the top 28% (very specific, I know) of my graduating class. I don't make the best of grades, but I have never failed a class for a semester/year and I have never failed a grade. My parents get frustrated with me because I just barely pass some classes, though. That is understandable. They place a lot of pressure on me to do my best and I try to sometimes. I realise that I should try to do my best all of the time, but I have no drive. Anyway, I'm doing relatively well in school considering the fact that I do not fail classes when they matter and I'm in the 72^nd percentile. I have a full workload with seven total classes, five of which are either Advanced Placement or Dual Credit. Soon, I will be getting a job.

Background: At my age, my mother had a child (my sister) and dropped out of high school. My father would regularly go to Kinko's (sp?) and alter his report cards to make it seem like he was passing even though he wasn't. Objectively and subjectively, I am doing better with my life so far because neither or those scenarios apply to me.

I will be the first to say that I should do my best in school to please my parents because they give me a lot of things that I want and they love me greatly (sometimes debatable), which is why I acknowledge this as more than likely unreasonable. It's just, sometimes I feel like my parents should not be able to get on to me for my grades because I am doing so much better than they were at my age. They had almost the same advantages as I have, so it isn't an argument that I am more well off than they were. I will attend college sooner than they both did, I will be going immediately after high school while my father went to college in his thirties and my mother is currently going to college.

My father is a very negative person, and he is the person that I live with. He constantly assumes that I will not do my school work and that I will fail all of my classes. I'm taking college level courses that he took when he went through college at the prime ages of 32-36, but I digress. This is not the attitude to have towards a child that already underachieves, and that attitude makes me wonder what the point is in doing my work because I don't get recognition when I do well and I am expected to do worse that I do. 

My mother is more positive than my father, even more so after their divorce last year. I do not live with her because she lives with her father and barely makes enough money to support herself. I do not want to burden her more. She wants me to make excellent grades and does not expect me to be as shitty as my father does.

 I love my parents very much, but whenever they start to get on to me about grades I am tempted to just yell at them what they did with their life at my age and how I am doing better than them in a lot of aspects. I don't do this, though, because if I do I will without a doubt be punished. 

How do I get over the urge to just yell back at my parents? How do I continue to resist the urge to tell them about how I'm doing better than them? I realise they will not care, they will tell me that it doesn't matter how they did. It only matters how I do so I can secure a good future for myself. I sound like a bratty child, I know. I just need to talk to unbiased people about how I feel.

I don't know what to do anymore, I just have no motivation to do well. I have no opinions about a lot of things that I'm supposed to. I just don't care about a lot of things. I just lost in a world of frustration and pressure.