Conveniently Bisexual.

I've talked to girls like you, I've been on dates with girls like you and I've had it up to HERE with girls like you. Claiming the sexual orientation of "bisexuality" isn't my problem; women who claim to be bisexual but are more into men, date men more often then women and seek out men more then women, is my problem. Sure you can be bisexual and favor one sex a little more then the other, but it's general knowledge that most people who are bisexual love each sex equally. So when you tell me "I'm bisexual but I favor men" that's fine, but when accompanied by "I just got out of a long bad relationship that didn't end well".... *Sigh*.. If you're lesbian/gay or bisexual I'm sure you've also encountered the "conveniently bisexual" person; someone who, in the wake of just ending a bad relationship, is seeking out someone to mend their wounds (sexual orientation doesn't matter because there really isn't any intention of a relationship or sex). They really just want someone to make them feel better, help them recover and be a "rebound", which is fine! But when you know that someone is flirting with you, takes you on dates, has every intention of taking you home and unwrapping your body and soul like a Christmas present; and you continue this "relationship" without specifying that it's a platonic thing and you just need a friend, that makes you a "convenient bisexual". PLEASE, stop doing this people... It's hurtful, not only to be lead on, but to be violated. Yes this is rather personal and I have had this happen far too many times, so I am touchy about it. When someone who has had a difficult time expressing their sexual orientation or "coming out" finally lets someone in, it's an incredibly delicate situation and I don't think many of you "conveniently bisexuals" know this. Bisexuality isn't something you just jump into when you need it, it isn't the batmobile, it's an actual sexuality that tons of people struggle with.

I will gladly be there for you if you need a friend, all you have to do is say that's what you need. Don't try to trick me into anything by using my sexuality against me..