Don't tell me it was pointless.

I know it was pointless. I know my comments and attitude made no difference what's so ever. 

 For the sake of not getting into any more trouble with work I won't get into the specific details.

 Today I was working at a event set up to sell luxury apartments to millionaires and foreign investors. I was the girl at the entrance holding a tray of champagne smiling to greet these people; my job security depends on the fact a table can't smile. This environment is so grating; for me my colleagues and you know, the 99% of the population this shit is a fantasy. Most folks in my city spend over 50% of our income on rent. Not that I have a problem with rich people just the excess of the life style and the effect gentrification upon the existing residence of an area.

 While doing a round of clearing I ask one of the sales people who wasn't engaged with a possible buyer about how many affordable houses they are building as part of this massive project as there is government legislation in place and I assumed they would know more than me. They told me they didn’t know and 'that's not relevant to what we are doing today'.

 It hit a nerve. How the fuck can you say it's not relevant. This city doesn't need any more luxury housing it needs places where normal people can live! I went off on one about how thinking affordable housing is 'irrelevant' is a unethical attitude to have. They should know the details exactly and be informing the prospective buyers so they can be aware of what they are doing to help out the housing market for the people who serve their drinks, clean their house, stack the shelves at the supermarket and teach their children e.c.t. Otherwise it's social cleansing while living in a bubble of denial looking over how nice the view is from the fucking pent house. 

Long story short I was sent home early. I know it was unprofessional and if I was running that event I would have done the same thing. But I called you to vent and comfort you didn’t need to tell me it was pointless you didn’t need to tell me it was stupid I know that. Just I couldn’t keep it in and I my only regret is I won’t have as much money in next weeks budget.
