As soon as my mum dies, I'm going to kill myself (x-post depression)

There's nothing that anyone can say or do that's going to change my mind on this. For a long time I have wanted to just die, and the only thing that's keeping me here is that I cannot stand the thought of my mum crying over my corpse. I am full of self hatred, insecurities, baggage and a complete fear of the world. My friends don't care enough about me to stay engaged in any conversation, hell, almost all of them don't even live within distance to see them and now I just feel lonely all the time.


This entire revelation came about minutes ago, when I was sitting in bed and my mind wandered back to all the shit people have put me through. My entire school experience was one long line of people who wanted to bully and harass me. My first girlfriend cheated on me with her "Guy best friend who she had no feelings for, my second girlfriend emotionally abused me and bullied me for wanted her to treat me like her boyfriend and my third girlfriend, who often told me that she had never loved anyone the way she loved me, dumped me a week ago and was already in the arms of another guy the next day.
I don't know what it is about me that makes people want to be terrible to me, but I cannot deal with it any more, I really really just can't. I've been suffering from depression for my entire life and I think that my time is over when I have no one left who would cry when I die.


So I don't know what the point of this post is really. I guess I just want to get it all out somewhere that I won't be called an idiot for being depressed. I've sat for hours and tried to think of the positive moments of my life, but all that ever comes to me is more bullying and awful moments that make me feel worse and worse about life. I don't see there being a silver lining, I can't even operate like a normal person because the world terrifies me. My lifes dream is to just have a family and be surrounded by people who love me, but my depression, social fears, distrust and emotional problems have made that dream completely unlikely.
I dunno, I guess I'm just saying that I don't want to live and don't see a point in trying any more.

Edit: Thanks for downvoting me guys.