Hi! I'm new!

Hi there! Like the title says I'm new here so just tell me if this is the wrong subreddit and I'll remove it immediately. So I guess I should start with the introductions?

Well, my name is Irvin, 14 years old, male, and youngest of two siblings. If you have questions don't be afraid to ask, I'm depressed but not depressed enough to think about killing myself, yet.
So I'll start with this: I'm really anti-social.

Now before you ask in the comments I'll tell you why. Growing up was pretty tough for me. I was always the weird kid that never really knew how to start a conversation or be a part of one if it ever started. I didn't know what I should answer or what I should do or how I should act in front of other people. I was pretty shy when I was a kid. Didn't change much now but, point is I never really had a true friend.

Not the ones that have a same interest as me but the kind that's just there for you in any given situation. The kind that always picks you first in everything. The kind that always talks to you even if it's about a gum stuck in her hair, or how he tripped and fell face first into the floor, or even the boring history teacher that sings you a lullaby every time he speaks. The kind that knows when you're embarrassed, or irritated, or hurt, or depressed, or suicidal. The kind that knows your secrets but doesn't tell. The kind that sees that you're dying on the inside but still smiles everyday. The kind that knows when you cried but lied about it. The kind that knows your problems in home, or school, or anywhere else. The kind that knows when you're about to break like a twig. I never had that.
I want that. I want a friend, a true friend. But sometimes I think do they even exist? And if they do, is there one for me? Will I ever find him/her?

Now before you tell me that "Don't worry we're here for you." don't worry, I know. I know that you guys/girls are always there for people with problems like me but I can't trust you to be there 24/7. I can't trust you to be there when I fall. I can't trust you to be there to comfort me when I cry, when I'm weak, but most of all I can't even trust myself, my own words.

Sometimes, I say to myself "Dude, you'll get over it." And at those moments, I believe it, but when I think about it I can't help but notice that I'm believing the bullshit the comes out of my own thoughts. Sometimes I think I'm crazy. I mean, what kind of sane person would lie to themselves and believe those lies? What kind of sane person would cling to something that's not willing to hold on? I read somewhere that someone once said: A crazy person is someone that does the same thing over and over again and expects different results each time. I mean it's true, right? What kind of person would do the same thing over and over again think 'It'll change this time'. I think I'm crazy because I try and try to find someone that won't leave my life sooner or later, and every time it ends with them acting like I don't exist.

People get tired of things eventually. Like how you guys/girls are probably tired of hearing Anaconda on the radio or seeing that famous someone on TV. Me, I'm tired of my life, and at some points, suicide doesn't seem like a bad idea.