I can't cope anymore.

Let me start this off by saying I have a friend, and she is the greatest thing to have happened for me and I'm really grateful I have her. I'm going to refer to her as Jane.

So basically I've been "the odd one out" my entire life thus far. In primary school I was always made fun of, I wasn't invited to play with the other kids, I had almost no one to talk to. I was stupid, so I didn't go to the teachers, and if they asked to make sure I was included in their games, I always said I was. I guess I thought they wouldn't make fun of me if I acted like I was their friend. Oh how wrong was I. I was only bullied more the more school went on.

Eventually I went to secondary school. The people I hung out with changed, I changed. Everything was going smoothly for the first year or so. After a year or so, I noticed the people I was friends with weren't great people, so I stopped hanging out with them. Little did I know that decision made them start to seriously bully me and do whatever little things they could to make me angry or sad. I had told people about this, but the school did nothing to prevent it. At this point I started getting more and more depressed, not even noticing it. After a year or so, I was unable to laugh. I was in this state for another year, until I went to study in a gymnasium. All the people who were bullying me, who were teasing me, went away to different schools.

After the holidays I started studying in the gymnasium I was referring to, and I still was really down all the time. That's about the time I met Jane. She was the happiest, the most beautiful and the best person I had ever met. We became quite close friends, hanging out in school a lot, we had all these inside jokes. For the first time in forever I was actually happy for a while. This lasted about a month or son, In which I fell in love with natural sciences like physics and chemistry. I didn't hang out with Jane on my free time, because I couldn't. I live 20+km away from the school, so I had to take the bus home every day. I started getting more and more depressed again in the coming month. I was always crying when I was home, I couldn't be happy anymore. I realized I'll never actually be able to feel like a person anymore. I just felt, and still feel like a flesh shell, whose only purpose is to study. I couldn't study anymore, I stopped doing my homework. I started cutting/burning myself. At this point, I  felt I had betrayed Jane by hurting myself. I felt I had let her down. I told her about it and she almost started crying, because she never thought about me being able to hurt myself, mostly because when I was with her, I always smiled. She's the only light I have left and I feel the rain will extinguish the flame of hers that keeps me alight.

This is where I'm currently at, I don't know what to do. I'm out of options. I fear the only one left is suicide. Please help me if you can.