I'm sitting in my car ready to go. Give me a reason to turn the key and I'm gone.

I posted this to r/offmychest first. Then thought it might be better here. 

Only thing is I don't know what to do. Either run away from everything, or just drive the car off of the cliffs.


My situation might not seem so bad compared to the other horrors here. I was diagnosed with depression late last year, and had a suicidal fit shortly after. It seems like this is a similar thing, but I don't know if I have the ability to call Lifeline this time.


Therapy is so slow that it doesn't really help. We're fixing somewhat minor things because I can't bring myself to tell her the worst of it.


My job is robotic. I scan things, put them in bags, and say the same four words to each person. Hello, how are you? in a monotonous, spiritless voice. Over, and over, and over again. Any fun I had in the job was destroyed by strict rules. I hate it. Every drive there I look at trees, wanting to just jerk the wheel. Every second there I'm internally screaming, wanting to walk out with no regrets. But I can't.


I'm the breadwinner in a relationship that keeps fucking up. Addiction to one game, addiction to another, a growing addiction to one that just came out. I can't binge-play anything without being questioned or yelled at. Giving so much, getting them everything they want, buying so many games, yet I get slammed each time I get into a game that I enjoy because there's a fear of addiction.


I don't blame them, but I have lost one of very few escapes from the monotonous life. I don't trust myself with any alcohol, drugs, or games because I've abused all three. I don't trust myself with anything I enjoy anymore. I can't. It's an addiction.


I thought of joining a gym, but part of me wonders why I bother. I'll somehow turn it into an addiction. I'll turn into an exercise junkie, have no ability to function unless I've exercised, and just fuck shit up again.


My parents divorced, and mum just purged the house of things that were in my childhood. Things I look back on with nothing but fondness. Thrown away, discarded like they were insignificant. My childhood is dead, but expressing that leads to me being called selfish for being upset at her moving on.


I snapped. I broke down. And now I'm sitting here with my keys in the ignition, just waiting to break more, break enough to get the balls to turn the key and put my foot on the pedal.


Just give me one more reason to turn these keys.