There are people who laugh that I post here

But they don't understand what it's like. We got all the pictures back from the funeral home and I can't stop looking through them. I'm only doing that to keep myself from obsessing over other things, like the fat I can feel growing on me.

Every day I listen to my mom vent about whatever it is she's upset about and I feel bad for her because I know the pain in her heart and I want to take that away. Then I don't want to add to that pain so I keep my own inside. Ever since the funeral, I've been waiting till she goes to sleep to cry. She accidentally caught me yesterday. She came home early from work and I couldn't think of something so I just told her about the body image stuff really getting to me. All she said was to talk to my therapist. She doesn't sympathize, she just tries to solve the problem. I know she's just trying to help but it feels a little cold. All I want is a hug sometimes. But she doesn't know how much it really hurts, and I don't think anyone ever will.

It hurts so much that sometimes when I'm driving, I pull over to the side of the road, make sure my windows are up, and scream as loud as I possibly can. And I'm not out of anger - it's pure sadness and pain.

And now her and my aunt are fighting and I'm expected to cut off contact with my aunt who is one of my best friends. I just lost my grandmother and my mom said this is the end of our relationship with my aunt too.

I finally got a call today about the TMS. I got so excited, called them back immediately, only to find out they just wanted my consent that YES I definitely want to participate. Wtf. I was supposed to have started last winter! And then the spring. Then the summer. 2 weeks ago it was "probably within the next week". I'm just getting really fed up with how slow this shit is. I'm beginning to think it's never going to happen.

I just want out. I'm trying to figure out a way that I can do it that won't hurt my family so bad. Like maybe I can fake a car accident or something? Would they be able to tell it was on purpose if I drove really fast into a tree or something?

Edit: also I posted in the depression sub earlier and got no responses for the first time and that was really fucking depressing. So please just say anything.