Not too sure how to feel anymore.

I'm not suicidal. Not even remotely.

It seems like despite that being the point of this subreddit, this is still the most suitable place to post, and maybe get some words of encouragement... maybe some suggestions?

I spend a lot of time here, reading, and trying to message people or reply to their posts, convincing people that the hard times always get easier to deal with. Despite that being true, and me knowing it's true, it doesn't make these times get much easier.

I am sad. I have been sad for as long as I can remember. I remember being told "Life is about being happy, but feeling sad". Recently, it feels like life has been about feeling happy but being sad.

I got through my final year of high school in a sort of "Fuck it" attitude. I had some friends that I was incredibly close to, and a couple of people I was just an associate with. My drive was knowing I was going away for University, and that once I got there everything would be so much better.

I roomed with an associate from high school who I to this day have gotten along with really well. He's a great roommate, because we get along and he is really easy to live with. Three other people ended up coming to the same University as us (outside of my roommate) that went to our high school. All three of them have been friends of mine since High School, and one of them has been my friend since we were 10.

I ended up hanging out with them a LOT in the beginning. I don't really have social anxiety, I normally am the one who starts conversations, and holds conversations with any stranger without any hesitation (of course, pending they can keep the conversation going as well). But because of my friends I never really went out and met a ton of people. Thankfully, because I'm social, I have met and been talking to a few people (including a few girls) and all was well

About a month and a half ago I dislocated my patella (knee cap) and that's where everything went down hill. For weeks I was limited to what I could do. I was skipping class, I wasn't eating properly, and I wasn't really going out. My 'friends' didn't even remotely attempt to help me with my injuries, actually on the contrary all they did was make fun of me, or in general just act rude. One went as far to say that "I was being a baby" by asking people to get me food from the cafeteria if I payed for it, because I couldn't easily walk there myself.

As time has continued to pass since then (and I can walk and do my own thing) I've noticed two things. 

The first, is that I am alone. Maybe I have always been alone and just ignorantly believed that these people cared for me. At the end of the day, none of them would help me, or do anything for me. 

The second, is that alcohol has made it a lot easier. I haven't been drinking profusely (I didn't drink much before this year) but anytime I drink, I stop worrying about how alone and sad I am, and I just enjoy the night. This really scares me ... trying to escape how I feel through a bottle of liquid courage. Alcoholism doesn't run in my family, and I don't see myself being or becoming an alcoholic, but knowing all my pain goes away when I drink makes it so much harder not to drink.

There is so much more to this story I am not talking about --- maybe because I'm afraid nobody will care. Do I go talk to a councillor to maybe get through this? Do I tell everyone that's supposed to be close to me how I actually feel? Do I just tough through it? I don't know what to do anymore.

The only thing I know, is that being alone sucks. It feels like there is a hole in my chest, as it feels that nobody loves me anymore ... if they ever did. I know things will get better, but I don't know how I'm supposed to get to the point where they can get better.  