I am near my limit and I think I need help

In the past I have suffered from minor depression but dealt with it. I was lonely but getting through a computer science degree.


Around the time I graduated I met my gf she was great, we shared similar interests and were different enough to have engaging conversation etc. She was everything I ever wanted in a girl (literally what I had been looking for for a long time). I struggled to find a job for a long time until i eventually gave up on my studies and got a generic job, crappy pay but enough to get by I guess. 

Things were OK, I had a job and my boss had been assigning me more work promising a promotion over the past 6 months, a proposed to my gf and we were going to get married. Things were looking up in life


My recent fiancée was still in her studies, and going overseas for a year just for her masters. Things were fine, we didnt talk much but I thought that was understandable given the situation, time zones made it hard and she was bogged down with studies (or so i thought).


Thats the back story anyways. TNow very recently my father (around the age of 40) has been diagnosed with serious prostate cancer and 5 years to live (if he is lucky probably realistically looking at 3 years max). I went to my fiancee about this and she is no where to be found, no response beyond "Im busy", she even told my friend (not me) that we are over. I have no friends, my fiancee wont even take my calls, my father is dying of prostate cancer and just to add injury to insult that promotion i have been busting my nuts towards for 1 year has been given to someone else. 


The only thing that is stopping me from ending it all is the pain it will put my mother through. But that is starting to slip away and I am thinking about it more and more. 


tl;dr. Fiancee of 2 years is effectively leaving me, My father is dying of prostate cancer soon, a promotion I was promised was given to someone else leaving me with a an underpaid job and I have noone else to talk to.
