Work is not-so-slowly killing me, and I just can't help thinking I should speed up the process

I know this is going to be a rant. But I have to explain in the hopes that someone has been here before and knows what to do. 

I work in contract security, where I different shifts every day. This week I'll be working three graveyard shifts and three swing, with only about 20 hours off between the switch. I can refuse overtime shifts, but if I do I'll just get my hours cut nearly nothing. The company doesn't officially force me to accept shifts or schedule changes, so they're not doing anything illegal, but it's sketchy as hell. I haven't slept well in over 2 years. I often have less than 8 hours off between shifts, and I can no longer count the number of times I've gone more than 40 hours without sleep on two hands. I regularly (at least a few times a month) go 30 hours without sleep, and I work 6 days a week almost every week. I can't quit because I have no real job skills, I can't go to school without them punishing me by cutting my hours to near zero, and I can't get unemployment since they never fire anyone, just suspend them without pay indefinitely. I haven't had anything approaching a rhythm in 2 years, and all my time off between shifts is spent dreading my next shift or trying to forget about work video games, alcohol and food. I have no friends since I spend every weekend and most evenings at work, and I haven't had anything close to a relationship in the whole 2 years. 

I have a POS car that I have to register, but is functionally totaled. I can't afford a new one, so I'm driving without heat this winter, and in a few months my tags will be expired. I just want this shit to stop. I don't want to hate my life anymore, and I don't really want to spend every waking moment thinking about just giving up and rage quitting life. 

Now I'm going to sleep for a few hours before getting up and going back to work. If anybody has a solution that doesn't end up with me writing a bleak and, let's face it, probably poorly scrawled note, I'd love to hear it.