Out of the blue, into the black.

There I am, in a remote location in the forest just like how I had planned all along.  The noose is tied, the shotgun has been reassembled from its puzzle like state in the backpack.  I had spent an hour riding my bicycle to get there with the backpack's straps digging into my shoulders.  Just when all the preparations have been made I realize I forgot something.  My mind visualizes the ammo shells still sitting on the bedroom end table.  Seriously?  At this realization I slump down beneath this majestic tree I had choosen and laugh for a good 5 minutes at the sheer absurbity of the situation, my life, everything in general leading up to this event.  I find myself laughing at many things these days, the last signs of losing your grip on reality and slipping into madness where nothing truely matters anymore.  The only choice was to reverse course and cycle back home, because just hanging yourself is too inadequate.  Shotgun first and on the miniscule chance it gets screwed up the noose finishes you off.  Might as well do it right, I mean this is an important moment in a person's life.  So oh well, tomorrow is another day.  You know what they say, blah blah blah try again...


I don't think there is much of a point in talking about how my life when flying off the rails.  Instead I'll try to share a few things I've learned during my years that might increase someone's chances in having a better life on this spinning little blue world if they so happen to read this.

Everyone noticing the first stages of depression should fight with all the strength they have to get out of it as soon as possible.  The longer you're down the harder it is to climb back up.  This especially applies to hitting rock bottom, for many of us that hole is far too deep and dark to ever climb out of and we get lost down there forever.  The darkness does something to you in its insidious way, it changes your essence.

Find your passion early on and hold onto it tightly, it's the thing that will get you through the tough times.  Life is a long bumpy road but with something to pursue there is a destination to look forward to that will make the journey worth it.   Without it each bump can become a mountain to overcome and you can only handle so many before it breaks you.  This brings me to my next point.

Aimlessly floating from one day to the next in a primitive like survival state isn't sustainable.  Perhaps for animals it is, but we are complex and require more.  Some people can handle it better than others, but like depression, it's best to minimize your time living in such a way.


Well that's it I guess, surely I've must've learned some other things though?  Probably but I'm once again being distracted by the ever looming end so it's difficult to focus.  It's like someone whispering in your ear the whole time you're trying to read.

I sincerely hope you all beat the odds and find a way to win the game.  I was never too good at playing a human in this game of life, or ever had much of an interest in it.  A certain point comes when you've lost so many hands in a row that you say you've had enough, fold your cards, and walk away from the table.