Someone? Anyone?

Okay I'm not sure if I've hit suicidal yet, but I've been there before and I feel like I'm going back there now. I'm going to start by saying that my longtime girlfriend of over a year (it's long for me) has just broken up with me again. I have an issue with pornography and I've been struggling with it for a long time and every time I fall into temptation I hurt her (if you don't think it's a big deal, don't mention that because it's a big deal to me). A few weeks ago I had gone under again and I told her everything that went on that I could remember. She had broken up with me over it first, but it was good to get it off my chest. So I devoted my time to trying to make it better. Well since I first started this conquest I have fallen a few times, but a few times too many. The first time I stopped 6 months. The second time for 3 months. I've been clean since then. Facebook says otherwise. I gave her my facebook account info after the second time so she could see what I was saying to my friends. I had hoped that would help and it did for a while. She finally took me back again last weekend and we were so happy again. So very, very happy. Not too long ago she looked at my facebook search history and had seen that apparently I had seen more after we broke up when I said that was all and also that I hadn't told her everything. I can promise all of you that I had not seen anything and that I had been clean and I said that to her, but she doesn't believe me. I admit I hadn't told her everything, but I hadn't remembered everything when we talked about it. Now she's gone again. Normally I'd understand if you'd say she's not worth it that I can find someone better, but she's always been so good to me. She's treated me so well this entire time and the only issue is my porn addiction. I understand why she feels that way and I don't blame her. She feels it means I love her less and to her it's a form of cheating. I've grown so numb to pain recently that I just don't care about anything anymore. I'm not suicidal, but I couldn't care if I died. On top of everything my grades are starting to fail, I'm losing the few true friends I have because they're moving on to new lifestyles, my parents are sometimes verbally and physically abusive, and I'm not seeing a point anymore. A part of me has hope she'll take me back still, but I don't know anymore. She's helped me through all of my pains before and she's the one person I truly cared about. My first and maybe only love at this point. A bit of background on my addiction, I have been addicted to porn for 8-9 years now and I'm only 16. It started when I became the victim of child molestation. Something only she knows about me. Not even my parents know, I've been holding it up all these years. I've always been told I'm a good person with a good heart, but how can that be true if I keep hurting the one I love. I might sound like some emo teenager that needs some perspective on life, but I'm not. Over the years I've always prided myself in taking on various issues of my peers in the hopes of helping them. I believe myself to be more mature than I should be at this age and many have called me wise in my advice. I just want some encouragement. Life is down and I'm so numb I want to cut, but I don't care if I do or not. The pain isn't even here and that's partly what scare me the most. I'm sorry if this doesn't make much sense, but  it's 1 in the morning and I'm tired. So someone, anyone. I need you.
