peace out

society doesn't let people live alone. living alone is the only thing I can tolerate. No matter what good people do people are essentially bad. people feed off of putting other people down with implicit subconsciously ingrained hierarchies, jokes, all wrapped in instinctual facial expressions. we're still fucking chimpanzees that have developed vocabulary to match these :o :) :( :D D; ;) primal instincts. emotions rooted in natural selection. finding things to reproduce with so they survive better by not thinking about what I'm thinking about. maybe human life is different from other animals because we can end what we didn't ask for. this intelligent accident, making me aware that i have the destiny of a snail, with the same needs. friends, a persona, your little worldview: that's the shell. we move slowly and collect shit and retreat to our shell when we feel sick stupid and dirty and surround ourself with sick dirty stupidity even more until we're desentized immunized of our capacity for insight enough to normalize the sick stupid sickness that perpetuates a sick stupid existence. slugs and earthworms dry out in the sun so they're out when only when you can't really see them. but sometimes you see them just out in the sun getting slower and slower, dying. slugs don't give a fuck. this is a pointless analogy. if slugs don't give a fuck then why should i? well because these slugs that don't give a fuck kill themselves with the same thing that gave them birth, that gave me birth. the sun. solar radiation. we wouldn't live without it!  

its downcast antennae shrivelling caramelised pathetic slime, the slug slithers in the sun while i sit next to it, and stare at the sun with it. wtf sun? no one fucking loves you. you make things live and die like it's nothing. if the slug is going to die for nothing then so will I, because nothing is to be taken seriously when humans that make the internet i'm using to share this shit on share the same fate as a slug. i'm done with this ufunny practical joke.

peace out; and have a nice life Sun. you won't fucking miss me, and who knows i'll reincarnate into some other sentient stardust-suckling paraiste in another solar system with a new sun to make me miseralbe, or stupid enough to let me get on with the laws of physics. i'm burning to find out


