I'm the mother of a young baby, severely depressed and feeling suicidal.

I've struggled with depression my entire life. I've been on medication, in therapy and have had periods where I'm not terribly depressed, but I always wind up back in this black hole.

I love my son so much. He is a beautiful, sweet and happy baby and the only source of joy in my life. I know it would be horrible to leave him, but I feel like I should end my life sooner rather than later. I think it will be harder for him if I kill myself when he is older. I'm sure that dying by suicide is inevitable—it's just a matter of when. My son is now 9 months old and hopefully if I go soon he won't remember much about me and not miss me when I'm gone. He would be raised by my sister who is an excellent mother and has the means to provide a good life for him. He would be much better off with her. I do have a husband but I can't imagine he would be able to support our son without my help. We've been unhappy for a long time, and I think it would be a relief for him not to have to deal with me and my constant crying and irritability. He might miss my financial support and everything I do for him, but i don't think he'll miss me much.

I am an awful, awful person for wanting to leave my baby. If I'm really honest, I regret not killing myself before he was born. Now that he's here i think he would be better off without the baggage of a depressive mother who will never truly get better. This depression is not curable. I can keep it under control sometimes, but I always arrive back at this point where I have no hope and no will to live. Much better for him if he doesn't grow up with that toxic influence in his life.

I'm not sure what I'm trying to accomplish by posting this. I guess I just need to get it all out. The people closest to me don't really understand how sick I am. (My mom loves to tell me I'm just weak, and need to toughen up. Oh, how i love hearing that. It actually takes a great deal of strength to simply function under the weight of this depression.)