Just want everything to stop ((x-post from /r/Depression))

*Had someone PM me suggesting posting here for a better response, I honestly hadn't really thought about it.*

I've thought about posting here many times before but hesitated. It always seemed wrong to vent about my own issues and I've never been comfortable expressing any low moments to people.

I'm terrified of telling my S.O. how I've been feeling about things; as she is on anti-depressants herself, because it seems so many others we know are going through so much that I don't have time to be upset while they are dealing with worse situations. When I do have that rare moment to speak up I immediately feel like shit for saying anything to put more worry or stress on people that already have a lot on their plate. But, I want to break down to someone and let it all out...just once.

I feel like a fraud, because I constantly tell my siblings to not bottle things up and to come to me for any small issue they have (and they do, to my relief). I allow any of my friends to vent to me or come for advice as the lot of them see me as someone with a good head on their shoulders when it comes to volatile issues. Yet I choke up and become damn near mute when my best friend notices I've been getting 'worse'.

When I look to the future I want to be able to see something good, but I think I'm loosing whatever good vision I had before. Things have become so hazed for me that I've backtracked to the point of long self-discussions over suicide as a better opportunity. Trying to imagine myself happy is like looking at a vaguely familiar picture through a foggy glass. I know how the image should be on the other side but I cant grasp the details.

I've gotten into the bad habit of drinking until I black out, wake up and be too sick to even drink a glass of water without throwing it right back up. I've somehow convinced myself that drinking is better than cutting myself, trading different self harm techniques like it matters and is a better alternative. I'm sitting here; in the middle of the night, knowing that at I wont be able to sleep unless I find a way to exhaust myself out by pathetically sobbing or drinking.

I feel like my will, my drive, is gone. It's been two years since my cousin killed himself and I'm beginning to understand why he opted out, despite having a beautiful child and supportive family. Its not worth feeling like a constant burden to everyone, to feel like you cant speak to anyone because you're your own worst demon, to feel like nothing better can happen and to just give up. I don't know how many nights I've cried into his jacket recently thinking about all this.

I just want everything to stop. For the noise of my mind to be as silent as I am. Honestly I don't think I want to commit suicide as much as I would rather just stop existing, just stop. If that makes sense.