Not quite sure what to put here.

I have a real problem with cognitive dissonance. I know so many things. I know that if I killed myself I'd leave behind a sad mother, father and brother, friends, colleagues etc. 

I look towards my life in the future and I've always thought I would die young (i'm pretty young 27) and I just think it's drawing closer and closer and it's me who's going to do it. Like I can fight it for a while longer, hold it at bay but eventually inevitably that's how I'll go.

To many I have a great life, I know this too. I have a beautiful girlfriend, the best friends you could ask for, but inside my head it's on fire. I feel sick. Crazy. Alien. Alone. No Matter what, because I know that nothing is guaranteed. I know that no matter what people say and no matter what they tell me to help me feel better about myself there are no guarantees in life. There is no guarantee about how my life is going to work out. No matter how hard I work at my dreams I still may never accomplish them, and I may wake up one day a sad old man who didn't do the things he wanted to do. 

That's where the hopelessness comes crashing down the knowledge that the only thing that is certain is uncertainty. 

I don't even know what "normal" is, because sometimes I think "well I'll just kill myself" and I wonder if other people have these thoughts, it can't be normal to have these thoughts.

I also know that "normal" is relative. 
See what I mean?

I'm afraid if I tell my family and friends that I'll be put under watch or something and further risk the dreams and goals I'm building towards.

I dont know what to do, and I don't know if any of you can help me. I really don't. I feel like such a burden to everyone around me because I know that everyone has problems. I know this too. 

All I want to do is share my art and touch people with it, and I do already, but its not good enough for me yet, and I fear I'll never get what I want.


I don't even know what to say anymore. It just feels like this looming shadow and one day I'll just do it.