Almost 40, and frustrated by being here, wasting food, air, and oxygen that real humans could be enjoying. (Stupidly long, not worth reading.)

I'm in a very strange situation. My wife and mother have convinced me not to kill myself, and I've agreed, but the decision disappoints me on every level.

I'm almost 40. When I was young, I did everything: grand adventures, world travel, career, marriage, a fulfilling life. I took joy in every moment, despite having a very strange internal mental arrangement.

Recently, the bottom has fallen out. Heavy physical adventures have left me essentially bedridden. After three years of searching both western and alternative medicine, I have no better diagnosis for my pain than that it's "from overuse or psychogenic". The slightest exercise takes a terrible toll on me; walking around the block means that I won't be able to move for the next day.

My pain is full-body, with lavish excess in my legs and shoulders, making sitting, standing, laying down, or basically doing anything utter misery. I know that the body pain is a major contributor to the rest of the dysfunction; once, for shits and giggles, I took three times the amount of a normally-prescribed opiate painkiller, and suddenly, I wasn't unpleasant to everyone. This was a devastating blow, because after going to pain clinics and other doctors, they just don't see any reason to treat me since there is no diagnosis. Plus, that ship has sailed now that I am unemployed and uninsured.

I discovered that my family had a history of mental disorder after I had a psychotic break at work and lost my career. Had never had any outburst or mental break before in my life. Now, I am permanently unemployed in my chosen field of teaching. You just can't lose it in front of kids, even if nobody gets hurt. They don't let you back in the classroom after that, but after what's been happening with school legislation, I don't think I want back in.

I haven't experienced anything I would describe as pleasure since approximately March, during a successful school field trip. Food has no flavor. I have lost my sexual drive, which, in my youth, was very strong. In fact, I can say with honesty that I have no desires whatsoever, except to die, and yet that is thwarted by a request from those near me who still feel things. I used to desire to feel pleasure again, but I have actually forgotten what pleasure is by now, and have given up on ever remembering.

Since I have lost my job, I have no insurance, and therefore, no real access to medical care, even if I were still seeking it. I have been to every kind of specialist, have had MRIs and every kind of blood work, psychiatrists, GI doctors, neurologists, and while they were all polite enough to act like they believed I was in pain, none of them could find any cause. They prescribed me every antidepressant ever made. Each med would work for about a week, and then my body would adapt, and I'd feel miserable again. Recently, after they institutionalized me for the psychotic break, they decided I was bipolar, and gave me mood stabilizers. Again, not working. I think the truth is that I have actually forgotten what it was like to be a human being and can't manifest the will to get better.

You see, on top of the rest, I mentioned my mental landscape earlier: I have no ability to see images or hear sounds inside my head. I have no internal voice, have essentially no memories of my own life, never hear music in my head, and have never remembered a dream. When I first realized that I was different from everyone else at age 21, I did a university sleep study, and they confirmed that I had REM sleep. It's just that my mental world is empty. When I talk about my life, it's like telling a story. I have no more connection to talking about things I have done than telling the Three Little Pigs. I "remember" memories about my life in story form, but I can't bring back the images or the sounds, so they have no substance.

I believe this had a major influence on my personality. As a child, I was abused by peers. Then, as a teenager, I think I fabricated the best personality I could, not understanding the rich internal world that allowed other people to have real feelings and emotions. At that point, I didn't realize that I was building something that's like a shell around a void; inside me, there was no solid identity or sense of self. I wonder if I would be properly diagnosed as a sociopath.

When I was young, all of this functioned well enough. But now that I am older and all of my physical and mental systems are failing, the massive flaws in my method of living are being revealed. The slightest criticism collapses my whole being at this point. My moods are utterly out of control, and I lash out, and then am filled with terrible regret. I live in a kind of constant terror and bewilderment now; everything is confusing, every word I say and every action I choose to do seems suspect, and brings out bad reactions in others, despite good intentions. What's amazing is that I was very socially successful for most of my life. I was good at EVERYTHING, but now I've fallen into this pit of mental and physical illness, and despite desperate attempts to seek help from any source, I cannot even remember who I was just five years ago, when I feel I would have safely said, "I'm a functioning human being."

At this point, I should pause and say that you probably don't believe any of this shit, just like everyone else. The crux of the problem is my empty mind; everyone else has such a rich internal world, they can't even imagine how a person could be a person if they didn't see images in their head, or have an internal voice that tells them what to do. Don't worry, I'm far past trying to fight to make people believe me; I expect to go to the grave without a single person ever making the effort to really understand what it is that I experience. I expect, more than anything, to be dismissed. I've desperately tried to spark an imagination in myself, even to the point of using psychedelics, but would you believe that even under the influence of mushrooms or salvia, I saw and heard NOTHING?

I do not feel like a real human being. I don't share in the most fundamental experiences of humanity. I married my current wife because she was willing to try to teach me what love is. Five years later, she cries every day, because I am intractable. I have been a terrible student, apparently. I want to love and be loved, and in fact, for the first two years, before the physical problems showed up, I was very successful, according to her. I can't remember, of course, but I can tell you that she reported being very happy. What I feel like is a marionette, some wooden facsimile of a human. This, I believe, is depersonalization, and it is SO easy for me to fall into. I studied Buddhism, and when I practiced, you can imagine what happened; clearing my mind is not effort, it is my only state. I exist in a kind of eternal present moment, where there are no voices, no pictures, no thoughts of past or future, but just whatever is there. I have never seen something non-real. Do you understand how hard it is for me to have hope, or dreams, or to have warm memories of the past? Impossible is probably the best word.

By this point, you've probably realized that I'm just writing this for myself. Nobody really wants to read this kind of rambling screed. I've existed in a world of pure concept, where everything I read and experience exists only as concept, not as word or picture or sound, and it means that I have had bizarre and abnormal relationships with data that humans seem to simply absorb and accept. I believe this may be part of the sociopathic issue; I have studied the interactions of people so that I may fit in with them, but I've made weird mistakes. When I was young, I went to clubs and bars, but I didn't know you were supposed to go to have fun with other people; I just looked at the places and absorbed. But what I really mean is that I have developed bizarre, unsharable ideas about the nature of reality and existence which isolate me further. My whole life seems to have been a kind of acceleration into weirdness and isolation, a trajectory toward becoming truly and utterly alone.

Well, here I am. Of course, I have no friends, because the minute a person stops being physically present with me, they disappear into being a story from my past, not a memory, not a relationship. The only two people left in my life are my mother and my wife, both long-suffering. They, being normal humans, have memories of me from when I was good and attractive and nice and whole. I believe, but can't be sure, that this is what keeps them in this place of protesting that I must live.

Yet here I am, as best I know, the closest approximation a person could make to an empty shell where a human should be. I look like a person, and my biology functions, albeit poorly. I can speak and type. Yet, if I put down my computer, and with it, my distractions, I am utterly empty. No thoughts, no wishes, no dreams, no hope, no sound, no light, no color, no pleasure, no desire. Nothing but a howling emptiness that brings terror. Then, when a human tries to interact with me, bewilderment and terror. I got one of my wife's friends to make me a list of things to do to make my wife happy. I have been cooking her food and bringing her drinks pretty consistently, but the friend said to make her tea and rub her feet. When I did, my wife burst into tears. She was happy. I can act on a script, but why have I lost the ability to come up with these things on my own? The success of that gesture didn't help me; instead, it taught me in a new and brutal way how inhuman I am, how far I've fallen from the thing I handcrafted twenty years ago.

No, I am empty. I don't really have a will of my own because I have no desires or motivations. It's compounded by the fact that I did SO much when I was young, to the point that I can't think of anything I'd want to do that I haven't done. So, here I am, empty, consuming not just air and water and food, but the patience of those two people who still hold on to the illusory, vanished version of me I made so I could try to be human too.

I know that I am mentally ill. But I don't believe I can find help because I cannot convince anyone to believe that I am what I say I am. My behaviors are out of control; I wouldn't dare go out in public, trying to volunteer or be at social events given the instability of my moods, actions, and reactions. I keep asking myself the question of purpose: exactly what purpose would something like this achieve, if I had done it deliberately? I mean, if there was intent behind it, it would have to be something like designing the single most isolating and mind-destroying trap a human could be put in: you look like you should be JUST FINE! It's not like you look like you just came out of Auschwitz. It's only your insides that are completely emaciated and skeletal, and part of the torture is having to tell everyone that and watching them try to be polite. Maybe YOU'RE lying! Maybe YOU'RE the one making all of this up, but for what reason? Attention? To create a huge pity party? Then why have you spent two decades trying to learn how to be like everyone else?

There's some subreddit here that uses a tag like "no advice wanted". I've heard every normal piece of advice there is regarding my situation. I'd love to hear something new, but I don't think that it's actually possible; the vocabulary of advice asks people to imagine things, or have hope, or to go out and engage with other people, or to do any other of the million things I desperately wish I could do, but can't. I mean, you can tell me to do it, and I can try to go out and fake it! What does that solve? I don't know what it would be like for it to be real. The deep problem that nobody can address is the emptiness of my internal world, and that's the source of all my problems. Since nobody can relate, nobody can help.

More than anything, I see myself now as a thing that was too fragile to live, in the way that a child 500 years ago with asthma might have only been able to live to about 20-30 years old. Modern society can keep my body breathing, but that's it: I'm just on life support now, a vegetable until I die. Why should I not wish to hasten that event?

The only strange thing is that my cells are scared. Yes, the cells and tissues and organs of my body revolt against their death, and that feeling of terror is very strong considering that my will is so weak, since I lack a personality. As far as they're concerned, there's still a reason to keep living.

So, what do you think? Should I have a child, so I have some purpose in life? Should I go and volunteer at a shelter so I can connect with other people? Should I take up a hobby? Should I just try again and again to find a medical solution that will relieve me from the constant physical and mental pain that I'm in, despite being destitute and without insurance?

I have retreated from my own life after a series of collapses. I am now an empty shell. The only wish or desire I can manifest is the wish for death, because my pain and my position are intractable. If I were a stage-4 cancer patient, like the 29 year old who was recently in the news, perhaps I'd get some support for taking my own life, but since the cancer is entirely mental, and disbelieved or dismissed or deprecated by everyone else, I get none of that sympathy.

Please, let me die, and escape this living hell. Please, just let it end.