I just need to vent a little

Don't worry. I'm not really contemplating suicide, or at least i don't think I'll ever go through with it. I just need to share this.

Recently I heard that a friend of mine from high school has ended his life. He was in my class for two years and during this time I saw him almost every day. I haven't seen him for over three years now. He's not in my life anymore, but it's still hard to hear. At first I didn't know what to feel, after that I cried like a baby. I knew he had it hard. He had a disease that meant he was in pain constantly, and I think he was just tired. I understand and respect his decision, but damn...

Coping with this has been a weird journey so far. It just struck me as absurd, and unfair, that his death wouldn't affect my everyday life in any way. I never saw him anymore, so in a way my life is just business as usual. That doesn't seem right to me. It's not fair that the emptiness he leaves behind for me is just an inactive facebook account, a merely virtual emptiness. I know that it's a strange thing to feel, and there's nothing rational about this, but still.

Most of all, it came out of nowhere. Yes, I knew he didn't have the easiest of lives, but he was always the cheerful guy, the one making everyone laugh. But I suppose, and maybe this is the real point of this post, the strangest thing is that now I feel closer to him. I've always struggled with depression and self-loathing, and for the last 8 years (I'm 21) suicide has been on my mind regularly. There was a time I was serious about it, and was sure that someday I wouldn't be able to handle it and just off myself, but now a kind of resignation has set in. I'm miserable, I hate myself most of the time and I'd rather be dead, but I don't think I'll ever muster up the courage to actually do something drastic. Which may be for the best, depending on how you look at it. I just wish I could've talked to him about this. About the struggle we apparently both faced. Sadly, it's too late now.

Well, just had to get that off my chest. It's a part of grieving I suppose, and I don't feel comfortable talking to my friends about this. I don't think they even know I'm unhappy.

Thanks for reading anyway. If you're one of the people on here trying to help others, I admire you. If you're someone who is contemplating suicide, I'm at least happy you've found you're way here.

Fare well, everyone, and I mean that.