16, black, pretending to be normal in two different personalities. I want to be myself

My life sucks, I'm 16, black, live in a flat at 2 sleeping rooms with 4 sisters (all younger), mom, half-dad (my real dad left my mom after she got pregnant, what a shock) and my grandmother. We live in this #1 ghetto part of our small city (in Sweden btw) and it's dirty, cigarettes everywhere, left-over joints, kids toys, hood/gang males hanging out smoking mid-day, grafitti everywhere. You can imagine. None of my "parents" work and have never done, my mom came to Sweden when I was about 4 years old when she found out she could live off well-fare (tax money) since then she's lived like that. My mother's new husband is an illegal immigrant who fights the migration asking for permission to stay here, he has not been accepted there and is temporary legal, if he gets rejected he'll get deported.

My mom, she acts like everything she does is for me, she acts like she's done everything JUST for me, but it's all bullshit. She does NOTHING. She just sits her on her ass home All-day without doing shit, she's a lazy fuck and doesn't want to work, her excuse is "It's hard work, I can't handle it". She has no handicap, she's perfectly healthy (only out-of-shape since she doesn't move out of the couch). All "her" money is just from the well-fare, she has done NOTHING to earn them. And all the money I get is from the child support, (it's €185) (Most Swedish students my age get only €105 but we're so poor and have basically NO income so they add extra), but I only get like €20 of that since she uses the rest for unknown shit she doesn't tell me. She thinks she can blind me and make me think she's done a lot for me, when we can't afford something that I'd want (like a keyboard, game credit, monthly buss-card or money for a school trip) she says "just wait till next month", that's the only thing she can do. Wait 1 month for the next well-fare income. She does ALL this just so that when I grow up and become able to work somewhere, I'll give her an amount of my income. That's what she's expecting, that I'll work for her when she haven't done shit for me. I swear when I grow up I'll just move to my own apartment, and I'll give my mom a fake-location, fake-number, I never want to hear from her again. She's been the worst part of my life and basically ruined it. She's horrible.

So... Why is this Title misleading?

Well cause my mom has basically ruined my social life aswell. I go to this High-school where there are like 95% swedish people, and it's been like that since grade-school. I've only made Swedish friends and barely know any foreigners unless they are my relatives. So I've built up countless lies to be acknowledged as a NORMAL human being and not a "poor little nigger from the ghetto part of this city"

My lies: I've told things like...

* "I live in a suburb 2-story house a little bit outside town". I fucking ride a bus that goes like 10KM from my actual destination just so that my friends believe me, I can't let them see where I live
* "This jacked costed €300" I  wear fake-designers (or second-hand) clothes (Ralph Lauren, Gant, Barbour, Timberland etc...) just so that I fit in with my friends dress code
* "I'm not a muslim, I can eat bacon" This has made me do some crazy shit, I've provoked my own religion, drank beer, eaten non-*halal* food and had unprotected sex (unmarried ofc) with some girl my age. Although I don't really believe in my religion, it feels fucked up that I got to give that up just ot fit in.

These are FEW examples of countless things I've done to lie to my friends. And yes I can call them friends because they *believe* and *trust* me, but they shouldn't call me one cause I've lied since grade-school.  (imagine having a childhood friend based on a lie), and since It's been going on for so long, I can't imagine what their reaction would be if I suddenly told them.

2 years ago, my mom gave me my own room, which was an AMAZING thing that happened to me, it felt like I've finally got something of my own. But then again, that just ruins it for my sisters which have to share as 4 in a pretty tiny room which fits 3 beds and their TV, parents sleep in the living room. And now my  mother hates me for not being social around the family, she gave my my own room what the fuck did she expect. I have my own space now, I can be myself and not my fake self, I have literally 3 personalities. Myself, The fit-in and the son of a retarded mother. Myself is not the one she's used to, nobody is, cause I'm quiet as fuck, all I do is play video-games and watch Anime, if you knew either my "fit-in" or "son of a retarded mother" you would never have guessed I was a weeaboo playing Civ 5 and Osu! at nights, I'm so different depending on where I am.

I'm just scared people will find out who I really am, and it goes both ways. If my mom finds out I'm a "fit in" she'd kill me for drinking alcohol, and she's already pissed off by the Real me cause I don't do shit except playing games and watch Anime. I'd be laughed out and my friends would've kept distance from me and I'd eventually be left out if they found out I was a nerdy weeaboo, and they'd be scared of me and never talk to me again if they found out I was a what they call "poor little nigger".

My life really sucks, if I could end it now, I would.

Don't know why I posted this, nobody cares and nobody will read it, this isn't really an *offmychest* since I have nobody to talk to, that's why I've written so much. **Reddit** please help me, I'm suicidal.

x-post from /r/offmychest by me. I'm sorry but I'm very desperate, I feel like I can't take it anymore I've almost been busted by either, my mom found a lighter and suspected I'm smoking,  my friends saw my name on a phone catalog (those big phonebooks) and saw my address they laughed really hard started saying "nigger" things, I immediately said "that's not me"