Depression since my early teens. I just can't take it anymore.

Throwaway account.
I honestly don't know what to do with my life anymore. I have for over 5 years now suffered from depression and now I have totally fucked my life over and I just want to end it all. In less than 4 months I have broken up with my girlfriend, basically the most valuable person in my life and I choose to move on and let go and well yeah, I haven't heard of her besides that she replaced me pretty quickly and I just can't talk to her because I'm too afraid. Not by the fact that she found someone, I just really don't want her to know about all these things and the only thing I wish for her is luck and happyness, because even though I did my best, I failed. Just like everything in my life. My whole life is a failure. I have started doing a shitload of drugs also, even lethal ones just to hope that it would kill me someday and no I'm not actually addicted. It's just a way to calm me down. Also, I drink too often now and I end up sleeping with people. (Oh yeah what a life having sex with poeple wihooo) No, in fact I hate it. I hate it so much because no matter how much fun I have in just one night, I know that I'm an empty and lonely person. I'm tired of life and what hurts me even more is that I'm only 18 soon 19. I mean, I haven't even had the chance to grow up and do something with my life but I just can't stand all these suffering. I want to dissappear from this cruel world. I have done my best fighing this but I just can't win. And I just can't find help. The two only person that listens to me are one, my ex, but I just can't talk to her. And the second person is a girl that I've been talking to for over 3 years and she has really put a smile on my face now and then but it just isn't enough. And I haven't even met her in real life and never will because she just lives too far away and I'm just 18. I'm so confused. I want to die. But the only thing that keeps me from not doing it is my 7 year old sister and my parents. I can't hold out any longer I'm getting desperate.