It's just too much. Fuck this.

Alright. Im almost 26 years old, I've been suffering from Major Depression since I was 12, but because my parents are stupid useless fucks, I've only been receiving treatment since 4 years. The medication barely helps anymore, the therapy itself is more or less useless. On top of the depression, I'm suffering from severe ADD, severe social anxiety, and OCD, but at least the OCD has been alleviated by therapy.

Due to all these illnesses, I've been a major fuckup in school, but somehow, I still qualified for university. After moving away from home and my toxic parents (more on this in a minute), I realized I couldn't function anymore. I got so depressed I had to move back home and wasted 2 years with getting back on my feet. Since then, I've been back to university, this time one that is closer to home so I can stay with my parents (that's just great). I'm doing pretty well there and am almost finished with my degree, but this is no reason for me to be happy or anything: I will be almost 27 when I finally finished this fucking Bachelor's Degree, something other people get with 21. You see, I have a Mensa-qualifying IQ (wow, I am so fucking special) and nonetheless, I'm a fuckup. I tried so many things and whatever I did, it failed.

So, my parents. My father is the epitome of a loser: He got demoted again and again in his job, and now his barely above the job of a janitor. But it's not his fault, it's all those people being mean to him. He's almost as fucked in the head as me, but he declines going into therapy. Living with someone who moves through the house half of the night because he 'heard something' is great, as you can imagine. My mother is plain stupid. No, really, she isn't capable of grasping the simplest concepts.

I live in a room so tiny I have to use my bed as desk but somehow, according to my mother, it's not my parent's fault. It also isn't their fault they didn't get me help sooner, no, it is my fault for getting ill in the first place. I mentioned this to her today and she just mockingly said "aawwww poor, let's collect some pity for you". Fuck her to hell and back.

I can't even do the shit I need to do for university because I'm living in this shitty tiny room where it is literally impossible to open a book and take notes on it. Sure, I could go to the university's library each time, but that's an easy 1.5 hours with the train. Per tour.


I'm balding. It's so fucking unsightly but I can't get myself to shave my head because I have ridiculous jug ears. My skin is fucked up and itches the whole day, whatever I try. I can't move my right knee the way it is supposed to. My teeth are fucked up (that one's on me). I am poor, I can't afford anything and due to me wasting 3 hours each day in the train and be being so fucked in the head, I can't even work to at least earn a bit of money. The medication made me fat. I shit brown liquid every day. I'm sweating even if I'm just sitting around.

I never was in a relationship. I just can't connect to people. I have always been the outsider and the laughingstock. I am so fucking tired of this. I am almost 26 and never had sex even once.

Thanks for reading, I just had to get this off my chest, I guess. Is there any reason for me to go on trying to live?