I can't force myself to do anything. And now it's too late.

First of all, I'm typing this via mobile for certain reasons and so there's probably gonna be some mistakes throughout. 

I am 18 and in high school and I wish for nothing more to just be able to drop over dead. I have no way to kill myself despite options such as stabbing, running in front of a car, etc, things that terrify me and I can't force myself to do. 

I'm aware that depression messes with your brain. I'm aware it supposedly makes you think you're worthless when you aren't. But I really. Seriously. Do not contribute anything to anyone in my life. 

Over the past few years I've gotten into a bad habit of skipping school. No real reason. I don't do drugs and never have. It just started out with wanting a break one day, and then eventually pushing it farther and farther until now: currently on my 8th day missed in a row, or so, with over 20 this year.  

It's like each day I miss adds even more stress, and before I skip I know
It will, but the easy way out (skipping) always prevails. And then I feel like shit  

I should probably mention one important thing: my teeth. I was born with fairly weak enamel right off the bat, and so even with decent care of them, a poor diet eventually led to them being what they are now. Rotting and horrible. I think this was the first thing that made me suicidal, and made me quit caring about missing school. Because I just assumed I would kill myself soon anyway 

Eventually I found out about implants as an option and for a small while I was hopeful again. But I knew there was no way my parents had the money for it. 

And now, one more factor I forgot to mention. I'm socially awkward and have always enjoyed being in online communities and making friends that way. The problem is I just can't handle online and real life. Online life helps my procrastination way too much. 

At the same time, it's the only happy part of my life and when it is taken away, I feel hopeless and detached. 

Today my mother yelled at me, threatening to cut the Internet permanently and saying that tomorrow she's telling the school I am dropping out  

I hate school, or at least I hate the stress that it causes me every time I skip it like an idiot. But I don't want to drop out. I'm so close to being done with it. 

I also don't wanna lose the Internet. First of all I need it for homework that I've missed so much of. But as I explained, it's the only place I can find happiness 

Isn't there some way I can balance both? I know I'm addicted but it's not something I can just quit. I literally need it for some things, and other things like gaming and watching videos are things normal people do a lot. 

Anyway. I don't have a phone so I'm using wifi to type this right now. At my house. But I don't know if my Internet is still gonna be here. And then I don't know what I'll do. 

I am worthless and I feel worthless unless I'm online. I don't know why I can't force myself to just do things. And I hate interacting with anyone everyday because of my teeth. 

Please, I need some help. I'm too much of a loser to do anything for myself. 