Way out

I don't know where else I can put this, if this isn't the proper subreddit please point me in the right direction. Please bear with me, this might get too long and diverging at some points. Also please excuse the lip and my poor English, it isn't my native language.

I cannot go into details for security reasons; said details are unfortunately important to fully understand the circumstances I am currently living in, so please keep that in mind.  

Basically, my life is fucked. I'm 30 years old, I didn't finish my high school studies when I was younger because I went on to pursue a dream that came and went; this didn't help my already strained family ties. I couldn't retake studying after that failed dream because I had to work my ass off to save money and start a new life, somewhere else; I had no one to go to, and I couldn't stay with my family any longer. And I did it, I met my best friend online, I moved and it was all good for a little while... Until I discovered I can't work at my new location. I can't take official studies as well. I'm out of funds now, but my friend has been very, very comprehensive and has helped me out throughout this time. When I ran out of money I fell into a severe depression, I became very overweight (50 kg over my ideal weight), I wrecked other parts of my body, I stopped caring about myself; I lost the few friends I had made except for my best one. This went on for some years. Eventually I managed to pull out somewhat, somehow; but the consequences are still there, some of them permanently by now.  

Now... Earlier this year someone entered my life, he lives in the neighboring country. He's said many things like, he's very lucky to have found me, that I'm so amazing and that he had never ever met someone like me before, that I'm more beautiful than he thought, that he's not really interested in looks and that he really wants to meet me and so on.... And I'm utterly terrified. Not because I think he's lying, I know he's not and that his feelings are very real... It's just I look at myself and all I see is shit. He doesn't know I'm stuck with no job or studies, he doesn't know how much of a failure I truly am... And I can't get myself to tell him, because I'm fucking scared I'll lose him and with him the only good thing to look forward to that has happened to me in the last 8 years; I just can't afford that, I don't think I'll be able to cope with another heartbreak again.  

I've been making efforts to lose the extra weight for the past month, I walk all the time to everywhere I go, no strolling, I walk as fast as possible; I can't jog because I'm out of condition and my knees are fucked. Plus I don't eat much... No chocolate, no bread or pasta, chips or snacks, candies, sodas, anything of that (not that I have money for those things anyway). But I have no idea if it's really helping; I don't look or feel any better.  

I can't go back to my birthplace to start all over yet again, that's out of the question. I have no one to get back to, I'm dead to my family; I'd have to live on the streets as there is zero social security there. I know I'm not stupid and that I have skills I developed by self-learning, but I can't prove them because there's no official papers; I'm perfectly capable of working but I can't, and illegal working would make everything worse than it is already. Obviously I have no money to go to a shrink. Normally I'm able to forget my reality by doing something all the time, but I can't lie to myself always and when I'm too tired all these thoughts rush back and completely crush me. I feel trapped, I can't breathe; I feel like a fraudster, a waste of time, a boring, inane, fat, ugly individual with nothing to say, share or offer, a complete burden. I feel so ashamed, by this age most people have a stable life, a career, something to be proud of that shows their value; I've got absolutely nothing.  

This is the first time I put all of this outside of me; I just can't bother my dear friend, my only friend with [more of] my problems, she's done more than enough and it's just not fair for her.  

Someone loves me, and I want to love back, I really want to, but I realize all the errors I made in the past won't allow it. I fucked my life up, and now there's no way out. I don't wanna die, hell I'm terribly afraid of dying, but at this point it feels it'd be the best solution for everyone's sake. And that feeling is getting stronger with each day. I don't know what to do anymore.