I'm not sure if I have a reason to keep going.

This isn't a question I try to think about when I'm sober, but it keeps coming up when I get faded.  I'm not sure if there's a good reason for me to keep on living.  Every time I get drunk, I try to think of at least three reasons I *should* keep on going, but they always come down to "*x* wouldn't want you to die," or "If you end it, x might try to do the same."  I know I'm flattering myself too much, but bear with me; my friend Esmeralda has been dealing with suicidal thoughts and general anxiety for over a year.  If I killed myself, I might be responsible for her making a decision she (hypothetically) would come to regret.  I don't want her to die.  All the same, I don't know if I want to live.  


In the past year, I've had about once that I've felt like an actual human being, and not some meatsack going through the motions.  I was always told that going through the motions was the worst thing I could do.  Failing to act was failure, but pretending to act?  That's a disgrace to those who actually attempt.  All the same, I barely have a reason to do that.  Family's distant, friends are few, classes aren't going the way I wanted.  Same problem I've had for five years; I'm scared to try because I might not be the best.  I do what I think everyone else is doing, and if it's good, good.  If it's not, drink until I don't care.  I'm not even looking for attention; I just want to know if I should leave now or not.  All I've got are generic "white people" problems; "whaa-whaa, I don't have anyone to share my life with".  I know I can live without it.  I just don't know if I can go back to that.

So many people in my life, Esmeralda included, are attempting to make something.  Do I really get to play the victim?  I'm no worse off than her.  She's got just as many rocks in her rucksack as I do.  What makes us different?  What makes my bitching justifiable?  I had plenty of chances to be somebody.  Every time, I've let myself be something less than what I was told I could be.  I've chosen failure at every turn, and now it's my turn to reap what I've sown.  Do I even get to decide what I deserve?  I don't know anymore.  I'm tired of feeling like a little bitch, but I can't stop thinking like a little bitch.  

All I can think about is how easy it would be to walk out to the ridge line where we smoke, lie down under a tree, and just see how long I sleep.  I've been through colder nights, but maybe this will be enough.  I don't know.  I always said my exit would be big.  Grand, even.  Does that still matter?  Do I still care enough.  I don't know.