I'm so useless I think I'm better off dead...

Hey!

So... I guess I should start by saying that I've been depressed before and I'm taking medication.


So... the thing is... I skipped a school year(one out of 3), and the year after I was better so I came back to school... so I have 2/3 completed years but all my friends left to uni and I'm stuck here with kids 2 years younger than me that aren't interesting at all and just too immature in my opinion... So I decided I'd do a special thingy that I can do in my country that I can do all the 3 years in just one. (So I'd have to start all over but I'd end it in a year )


Okay so... everything seems fine, right?... No... This school thingy is different from normal schools... I don't need to attend classes as long as I do the exams. So I'm not going because I HATE school so much... So not having to go to classes was a relief... I don't have to go to classes, so I don't study. Plus my parents are paying this school and it's really not cheap... pretty far from it...

Okay so there a lot of problems here... I'm just staying home, wasting my parents money. And I can't find a job because no one hires people as poorly qualified as me... I think I'm just better of not living? :)

To add to the party, the only thing that kinda makes me forget about all my problems are playing video games/browsing the internet/fixing computers/phones etc... my girlfriend keeps getting mad at me because I play games and am not with her 24/7...


And yes, I've been told to fix stuff for a living but I don't really want people I don't know getting my home address since I don't have a workplace...


Now as you can see(I guess) I'm not that depressed, I SERIOUSLY just think that I'm better off dead? I'm just wasting money and I'm crap at school so... I'm dumb as a rock. Also my physique couldn't be much worse so, not athletic career for me either. What I mean is I'm useless and I can't even have the strength to get out of the gutter so... Fuck it?...

TL;DR: Skipped a year in school. Wasn't the best idea... Got on school again but It'll take a year for me to complete something that's pretty useless and everyone has nowadays... Can't do shit and I'm just wasting my parents money on nothing... 