Seriously considering ending my life in a few days and I think I need some objectivity from other people as to why it's a stupid/terrible idea.

I've struggled with the idea of sucide since as long as I can remember but it's only been until recently that I've seriously considered putting a plan into place.

Here's a couple of reasons why I think I should end my life, and in honesty, they feel more like programmatic conclusions rather than "reasons or excuses" if you understand what I mean.

1. I'm a 25 year old man who feels incredibly lonely and practically has no friends bar for 1 living down the south of England that I see maybe 4 times a year.
2. I hate existing, I think it's boring, confusing, stressful and it tires me out. I wake up at the start of each day, go to work, go home, sleep and then I wake up and doing the whole thing over gain. I just hate it, it terrifies me that my life might like that in for another 60+ years.
3. I have never had a sexual girlfriend/boyfriend/partner nor have a I ever want to. My sexual identity/orientation is basically non existent and I have no desire to peruse it. This often makes me feel uncomfortable around people, not because I feel I should lay my sexuality on the table, but more I have no interested in their banter about girls. What I do want desperately is to love someone and have that love reciprocated. I truly think that the meaning of life is to experience reciprocated love and sometimes I get a bit obsessed about it.
4. I use drugs and alcohol to "make life exciting", I'm definitely using not using every day but when I do, I go fucking hard. Often resulting in blackouts. All of course on my own (never in a social context).
5. I have a fantastic career that I love but I hate being a prisoner of my job, 8 hours a day I'm effectively prisoned until the clock hits 5, then it's another 1 hour commute home with a bunch of people who seem to be just as miserable.

But if I were to be ask to answer in 1 sentence about why I want to just finish this experience. "I just think it's boring as fuck and all I've got to look forward to is more boring shitty days ahead of me".

So, I've been thinking for a little while now about buying about 200 benzodiazepine synthetic/derivatives (which are uncontrolled and legal in my country of origin), getting myself comfortable in my own bed, and then just watching a movie until i blackout with a bottle of whisky and eventually succumb to respiratory failure.

At this point in time, I genuinely think my family would see it as a release as I've tried to convey how unhappy I've been for almost 6 years now and I think it's actually beginning to annoy them.