i cant take it anymore

Does anyone else often feel like they don’t matter? Like they’re alone in a crowd? Even amongst people who should be my friends, I feel like I don’t belong.Hell, I don't even feel like I belong on this half of the planet.
Then again, I don’t think these people are real friends. Yesterday, I was at another party. Sitting there among a circle of people I know (people who are supposedly my friends), watching them talk and laugh about things
that deep down I can’t truly relate to or understand or have never participated in, I have never felt so alienated and disconnected. It was like I was an audience member watching a show I didn’t really enjoy or find all that funny.
Usually I'll just leave citing some exuse that I gotta take care of something or other, but next time ill just leave, no stupid exuses, no made up words, I'll just leave, I cant take it anymore.

It always seems to be the case that I don’t get back from friendships what I put in. I am introverted person, a war vet with some mental issues after the fact, and find it hard to get to know new people really fast. But it’s not like I 
mope around being depressed and unpleasant in front of people. I hide that aspect of my life actually quite well, and for the most part I come across as a happy, “normal” person. And once I get past my initial shyness and become 
friends with someone, I usually open up and am a caring, friendly, considerate and reliable friend (so I have been told). I am always nice to people and happy to help. I’m also quite empathetic and I try not to judge anyone, 
because I know how it hurts when people exclude you and make fun of you, I don't like people also feeling that. And I'd like to think I’m not a boring person either, I just may have had different experiences than you.

Yet despite all this, it’s not enough and I somehow always end up at the outer edge of groups. I end up thinking that I’m quite good friends with people, only to realise eventually that they don’t view me as important 
as any of their other friends. I feel like I am so easily replaced. Yet they all like to use me. They don’t hesitate to come to me when they need a favor, because 
they know I am reliable and true to my word. They take advantage of my generosity, expecting me to contribute to drug/hookups (yes I use drugs deal with it) and I never get invited to the little parties they have, 
but they never can be bothered to do the same for me. I’m not being friends with them to get gifts, but I strongly believe in reciprocity in friendships. It’s more about the principle than the actual gift. When I have 
been giving presents and hook ups to some people for the past two or three years, and they never once thought to give me anything back on my birthday or even a call, well, what does that show me? 
That they don’t value our friendship to the same extent I do. Im sorry to be black and white but this is how I feel and I'm tired of hiding how I feel.

I’m sick of it now. I’m sick of being the "nice" guy. I’m sick of always giving emotionally in friendships and never getting the same in return. Most of all, I’m just sick of people, and sick of being disappointed in them, 
&amp; sick of trusting in them. There’s only so long that one can keep one’s hopes up about finding people that truly “get you” and genuinely like you and you actually get the feeling that they give a shit about you 
(not what you can do for them) before one starts feeling disillusioned about human relationships in general. The same thing keeps happening no matter where I go. It happened at home, in high school, and back home. 
I guess it just must be me. Yet I really don’t know what exactly it is that I do wrong.

So what exactly makes a “worthy” friend to people then? It seems like these days people just want someone who can entertain them the most, someone who likes to drink and party. Someone who likes to gossip and bitch 
with them about a person they both don’t like. I thought being a good friend meant being kind, being dependable, being trustworthy, being loyal, I thought it was a friend who listened when you were down and out and instead ofjust geting
called a "fag". Nope, those things don’t matter as much. You have to be loud, out-going and fun-loving all the time. You have to crack crude jokes, and talk and laugh about meaningless shit that doesn't matter in the big picture. 
There have been times when I have become so drained from maintaining my facade all these years that my “happy” mask has slipped a bit, and I can’t help but let my depression show itself somewhat through the cracks. 
During those periods, I became more withdrawn and tired of making social efforts.But instead of asking me what was wrong, my so-called friends would all just scatter and disperse except for a few in the single digits. 
It seems that people can only afford to stick around for the “good times” and leave you to deal with the “bad times” alone or just say what they have to to get you out of their hair.

I have been struggling with low self-esteem/self-worth throughout my life even with my sucesses in the military and always finding myself amongst people that make me feel like I don’t even matter is making it worse. 
Most days I just feel so tired of it all, of life in general. I know this post made it sound I’m only depressed,, but there’s actually a lot more to my depression than just that. 
Sometimes there’s nothing I’d like more than to just go to sleep and not wake up. If you just dont care, just tell me to fuck off &amp; that'll be good enough for me. And dont worry I will, hopefully Ill get a private contract so 
I can return to the middle east again and get out of here.


I’m not sure where I’m going with this super-long post. I just needed to vent. I guess I wanted to get this off my chest and to see if there are others out there who can relate to feeling insignificant and invisible in this wall to
wall shitshow we call life.
