Going to commit suicide sometime in 2015

Using a throwaway account for obvious reasons. I'm not really sure if you'd call this an attempted suicide or not, but I've already practiced my method 4 times to make sure it's going to work. I don't really see that much point in living. 

College is too stressful, I've been depressed for years, have had suicidal thoughts for (maybe?) a little over a year, and been suicidal for a couple of months. Like I said, I don't see a point in living that much anymore, my depression has been really severe. College is going to be extremely stressful with over $400K in student debt (estimated cost in order to be an orthodontist). Although I've only wanted to be an orthodontist simply because my brother wanted to be one, I really dont care that much what I want to be. I haven't really cared that much about college or jobs or whatever else. I really don't care that much about my life anymore, I just want to end it sometime soon, it's just a matter of time really. I actually get happy whenever I practice my method of suicide. I'm really glad I can kill myself.

I'm 18 and for those who say "you have your whole life ahead of you", I really don't care and I won't listen to that. I've had a rough childhood with my alcoholic dad (cliche dad problems), we moved out when I was around 13 but it's still scarred me. I got even more depressed when my aunt died. And I really don't like the sound of overwhelming student debt when I go to college. I don't care about my future or anything, I've wanted to die for so long, I'm glad I have a method. Spaced some of this out to make it easier to read. EDIT: **Don't upvote please.** There's some more stuff as well, like my gf breaking up with me. We were  previously best friends before we started dating, after we broke up (6 months) I didn't handle it that well and I fucked up so many times in our conversations. I really wish I could have done better, or at least try to. My depression got pretty bad after that too. We're still friends and we talk, but it's pretty much just nothing to talk about except college and some small talk. I'd say my depression started around the time we (my family) was living with my dad. 