Mom hates her life, I don't know what to do..

Im really feeling like my faith is being tested here. I'll start off with saying I am a Christian and have been praying for better circumstances recently. I'll start off by giving a short bio of my family..



We are a family of four, my parents came to America as immigrants and worked odd jobs until my mom graduated college with a degree in nursing. She worked for a few years at a hospital, and then started an adult foster home. Long story short, she worked her way up to 8 patients and was making $30k monthly. Life was good.




Long story short, my mother was not able to support having a foster home any longer and we lost patients..we were down to 2 of them. Money was tight..dad was unemployed, he used to work as a truck driver, but had to quit to help with the foster home.




Fast forward a few months. My brother, dad, and I get into a heated argument regarding some money. Dad blamed me for taking said money, when in fact he took it. Brother sided with him. Argument turns physical. I was punched first by my brother, then by my dad. I call non emergency services. Dad and brother spend a couple nights in jail. Mom doesn't know what to do, and she seemed visibly distraught. Days later I find a receipt from a Tobacco store totalling $120. She hasn't smoked in 20+ years.





I confronted her about it, and she broke down and started sobbing uncontrolably, explained how she thought she had a meaningless life, and nobody to help her. I cried with her, comforting her as best as I could. She then went on to tell me she plans to end her life by smoking cigarettes. Alot of them. I couldn't believe what I just heard..she then proceeded to light a slim cigarette, and showed me the stash she keeps. I left, sobbing.




So that was about a month ago, I haven't mentioned anything to the rest my family or friends, and I keep finding receipts from the tobacco shop.
What can I do? I'm at better relations with my dad and brother, and we have started taking in tenants in our home, so we are doing a little better financially.





Im the only one who knows about it, and I fear if I tell a family member or a friend, that my mom may do something more drastic to herself. I've taken pictures of receipts and cigarette boxes in her purse, as proof if I ever decide to tell family what is going on.



I was thinking about telling my pastor, but word gets out through my church. Also, if you are reading this and know who I am, PLEASE talk to me directly.


If you are of faith, I am asking kindly for a word of prayer from you to me and my family. If you don't believe in a God, I ask you may keep my mother and the rest of us in your thoughts.


Thank you, and God bless.