I feel like I wasn't meant to be here

Sometimes I just feel like I wasn't supposed to exist. It's easier to accept and I really do believe it. 
My mom and dad tried so hard to have a child - for years they prayed for that pregnancy to come out positive. 
It happened about 7 years later after getting married
They were ecstatic and filled with joy - they couldn't wait to have their "daughter" in this world. 
By the 8th month, she was taken into the hospital - normal check. The doctor /felt/ the need to keep my mom in for one night since he believed it was time for delivery. Something was wrong. The next day she had a placenta abruption. 
Then an allergy to whatever medication numbed her - she fell in that 2%
They took me out and I wasn't breathing. I was supposed to die, my mother was supposed to die - but we both lived. 
And now all I could ever think about is why I'm here. Why I'm walking this earth, and why I'm taking up all this oxygen. I'm transgender and I've been battling depression since the age of 11 without the help of treatment because apparently I'll "get over it". SVT is causing unnecessary ER visits and being injected countless times with Adenosine is just a slice of dying. it's been 6 years and nothing has changed. And I just feel so helpless, I've tried to call out for help but no one takes me seriously. All I am is a burden upon my family. My father is so disappointed in me, my mother, too. And I just feel awful because neither of them deserved this. All I've brought to them is pain and confusion because they have to deal with me. I've wanted to end it for a long time - there is nothing here for me that is worth it. Nothing feels real. It feels like everyday has slowed down and I'm just living in my head constantly - it's better that way. 
I dream of this other person, someone who mattered. Some altered version of myself living in scenes produced by my mind. I just feel pain here - and I'm just hurting everyone else around me. What's the point? I've had so many times thinking over my own death. Peaceful ones. I just.. there isn't much here for me. 