I would just like some advice on my current situation and perhaps someone to talk to.

Currently life really isn't bad for me. I am 17 and live with my mom and her boyfriend, my dad lives abroad but I speak to him regularly. My family isn't very wealthy and we are far from poor. I have friends and even though I am not "popular" at school, I am repespected by everyone. A couple months ago I found a of group of gamers online which I have really a lot of fun playing with. There is however a couple of issues:

My grades at school are pretty fucking bad. They always have been. Even though I am not 100% asian (I am half Turkish) I feel like I have an honor to keep up to my family and friends. I used to be at an International school with this crazy though school program. Due to my laziness and stupidity I have already had to switch schools and go to a normal high school. Its just so hard for me to continiously get 2's and 3's out of 10 thrown in my face. Currently its my last year in high school and on one hand I would like to end of the year with nice grades and something to be proud of but on the other hand I can't find any motivation or whatsoever. My mom tells me "its only 5 more months" but in those 5 months I feel like I have to still do so much in so little time. Yes, I am taking extra classes outside of school but it doesn't feel like its working.

On top of that I feel that my life is so dull and can't find "the spark" of life if that makes sense. I have done all these amazing things such as traveling and seeing things and having great experiences with my friends.  

I've been looking around on the internet for symptoms of depression and it seems like I have most of symptoms. So I guess I am sorta depressed. I have seriously considered suicide a couple of times in the past 2 years now but never had the guts to attempt anything but those guts are slowly starting to come up. I makes me feel weak and pathetic especially if I see other's people's stories on here, makes me look like a sissy compared to them. They have actual issues and problrems.

It makes me feel better that I am writing this down and being able to share this with someone I dont know personally. Especially this honor thing has been really bothering me and I can't make it go away. I love my Turkish grandmother to death and to bring her failure makes me feel absolutely terrible. 

I have given myself an ultimatum as well. Fail the schoolyear and i'll commit suicide. Its just that I would want it to be quick and painless but guns are illegal in my country so that doesnt help. I am fucking not spending another year of my life in that hell hole people call school. Again, there is however absolutely no motivation for me to actually improve even though I got these motivational things like "just one more year" and "make my family proud". 

I dont know what to do and if I dont improve soon I suspect things are gonna do the wrong way. I would like help before its too late.

Please someone...