How I feel. How I will feel. How I'll continue to feel: by my own hand or otherwise.

Let me preface. I'm a writer but I'm also drunk, I'm on my phone, and not proofreading so please don't judge me on this as a writer. However I will try to set a scene for you and dive into the depths of my emotions to better express myself.

I'm suicidal. 

What does that mean to you, or to me? It means it might not be tonight, or tomorrow. It might not be this year, or the next. It will happen. For me it is an eventuality, or so it feels. I had a good life I think. My parents divorced when I was four. Mom was twenty four, my dad twenty six. They raised me very well and I love them both to this day. My stepdad was a complete bastard who beat me to a pulp. Years later I had the personal catharsis of walking into a hospital room and leaning over his emaciated body to say into his diseased face (withered by terminal cancer) that I wished he would die a slow and painful death.

I never spoke to him again. Two years before that I had enlisted in the Marine Corps. This was while I was on leave.

It was my only opportunity to escape the small mountain town I spent my high school years in. Despite an amazing SAT score I had an abysmal GPA. No college would have me. To avoid a life that would most likely involve heroin addiction and a rooster of children from different mother's I joined the Marines.

I was taught to take care of my body. I was taught to push myself. I was taught to kill.

Afghanistan. I had already been deployed. This was a cakewalk at this point. I was hard. I was salty. I knew what to do. The junior Lance Corporals  knew they should listen to me. I hated officers and I mildly respected NCO's only because I despised that I wasn't promoted to one yet (nor would I ever be).

Snap. Crack. Pop. 

These were sounds I associated with breakfast cereal as a child. Now two of them made me mildly less apathetic, the third would send me ducking for cover. Blood, gore, hate, tension, suspense, and unwavering patience ruled my existence. It wasn't the few moments of carnage that keep me awake at night... It's the waiting in between. The days in between where you're always looking over a shoulder. That's what really fucks with you.

To this day, although dulled by time, I still hear a familiar voice screaming to me in my sleep. That voice has me rolling out of bed or shooting up covered in sweat on a chilly winter night.

That voice is screaming "R-P-G!"

I got out. I spent my money on traveling. A passport full of stamps from several customs agencies was always in my pockets. I saw the world and all it had to offer.

I came back.

I grew up in Allentown. Yes, like the Billy Joel song (which I hate unless I'm super drunk and sing it at karaoke). I moved out to the Pennsylvanian Appalachians for High School. After everything that I did I came back. Back to Eastern PA. 

I moved to Philadelphia three years ago. I love this city. It's like living in the noir movies I raised myself on, with the attitude of Toshiro Mifune from the old Samurai movies I also grew up with. I was Yojimbo. A stray dog injecting himself into a world familiar with itself.

The buildings. The people. The streets. The culture. 

This is right where I have always wanted to be. Strangely foreign but still it felt like home.

More sleepless nights passed. I screamed out the name of a lance coolie who died in front of me. My girlfriend was naked on top of me trying to restrain me. I wasn't being violent, only reactive. She told me it was similar to a seizure more than a violent outburst. I eventually returned to that North Philly bedroom from Afghanistan and took a few deep breaths to calm myself as my therapist had taught me. My vision went from blinding brightness and settled back into the darkness of the room from the loft bed we slept in. She made me rosemary potatoes and dippy eggs in the morning.

She eventually left me. They all leave me. I'm not outwardly a defeatist but it gets hard to have hope beyond loneliness. I tell myself that it just wasn't ment to be but after so many failed relationships you start to say "what's wrong with me?"

I moved into an apartment above a fabric store. I'm a bartender now. I spend a conversationally akward amount of time drinking. I listen to Black Flag vinyl at 4am while smoking  a cigarette and drinking a Yuengling Lager from a six pack I took from my bar. Life is okay. Things look okay.

That's the high water mark.

My apartment burns down. I lose everything. No clothes. No computer. Nothing. I had begun to follow my dreams of professional photography. All my equipment gone. My only saving grace was that that night I managed to use my house burning down as a pick up line so I got laid that night.

She was from Poland. She had a Moucha painting on her wall and we got into a screaming match over whether it was art Nouveau or Succession art. After a Google search it turned out that in Poland the refer to the Nouveau movement as Succession art. We laughed.

In the morning I smoked a cigarette while she cooked breakfast in her running clothes. She wished me luck. I left. I was homeless.

I ran into her recently. She lives in the suburbs and works in the city. I bumped into her on the train when I got back from Lancaster after a friends wedding. She's married to a tattoo artist now. I'm more then happy for her.

I eventually moved in with a friend but I also lost my job. I couldn't pay rent so racked with guilt I moved out and into the third floor of a bar in a neighborhood called Fishtown. I know the owner. He believes all I need is s little help to get back on my feet. Almost over a year later I have not proven him right.

I'm still here. I'm still broke. I still have nothing. I stare up at a ceiling every night that I'm sure will be the last thing I ever see one day.

I get hit by a car.

I get hit by a car again.

Another two-three month relationship ends.

I fail an attempt at suicide because I was so fucking drunk I threw up all the sleeping pills.

Diagnosed with prostate cancer. 

Chain smoking. I'm sitting in the back room of a dive bar in South Philly. I've smoked half a pack of Lucky Strikes since I started writing this. There is one in my hand now.

Kick prostate cancer. I caught it early enough and I only needed to swallow a radiation "seed" to pinpoint it and destroy it with an accurate radiation treatment every day for 40 days straight. Despite this my chances of getting it again are almost 100% by 50. So chemo is in my future. I don't remember all the exact details because I was always drunk. All I really knew was where to be, what time, and where to stand.

And here I am. Piss drunk, sucking down cigarettes, and thinking what I had thought this whole time: "I wish it was over."

I was a hell of a Marine because I did not care about myself. I wanted to die. I prayed (despite not being religious, but more as a turn of phrase) that I'd catch a bullet. Afterwards I could only think of death. I was obsessed with it. I still am. The idea of nothing, as in a true nothing, scares a lot of people. I embrace it. I want it. I beg for it. I can't wait for it. I want eternity of not having to be anything, or think anything. I'm tired of the headaches, the stress, the hangovers.

I want oblivion.

My whole life I wanted it. And in this moment I think the only thing keeping me alive is if the Flyers will have a good year, or the next comic book movie. I'm drunk. I'm always drunk, and I'm ready. I'm always ready.

(Sorry for any adverbs)

I'm 26 years old.