Finished with it all?

[[Low priority, I'm not on the edge, I'm just trying to decide weather or not it's a good idea]]
I'm not depressed although I'm not happy and I never really have been. I've lived my life up to a point and never really been what I could say as happy. My dream is to one day move to the USA, but it's pretty much impossible. Other than that I don't really have any ambition. If I had a green card I'd like to become a doctor or an aeronautics engineer or a teacher, but that's not the case. I mean I can work hard go to collage for 4 years, look for a job in the US over and over again for years to never be given the opportunity. I hate this place and I would rather cut my own throat than stay in this place or any like for an indefinite amount of time. Outside the USA, I really not have any interest in life. I don't want to live life outside it, I probably sound snobby and like a bad person but I don't mean it in that way. I don't have any family though since it's been for so long it doesn't really bother me, I think I prefer being on my own. It's just a case of if 99% of the time I'm completely miserable and wanting to end it why bother going forth, so long as I'm here it's not going to change and I don't say that pessimistically I'm coming from an objective standpoint as possible. I looked into each way and the only realistic ways of getting in are to be filthy rich (willing to invest a minimum of $500,000) very famous (to get an O-Visa) or get married (already have spouse in the US) which I can't do any. I thought maybe I could try to join special forces from the regular and then earn $100,000 up and maybe after 10-12 years try for an investment visa but even then my life is mostly gone then and I've lost a lot of opportunity to never get back also will probably die since the special forces can be very dangerous a lot more so than regular. I also thought maybe I could invent something to sell so I learned about Aeronautics online and there read things like the MIT papers and design few things but to be mature about it it's a false hope, no matter how hard I work on it realistically there would be no way to test it and even if I did and it works out, how would I sell it to any government, I had a lot of these false hopes keeping me going but I took a realistic look at them all and they all got shot down. So now I'm at a standpoint. I mean right now I prefer to be asleep so I don't have to be conscious.
Any advice is very appreciated and I am thankful.

Tl;Dr Done with life as it is, it's not going to change down 99% of the time if not more, not worth living anymore since most of my time is miserable time. I am probably seeming to be a snob but I am sorry I don't intend for that. 