I'm afraid. Really.

This is a throw-away account for obvious reasons.

Backstory: 
My pregnant girlfriend left me only a month after we moved in together.   We had known eachother for five years, and talked online and by phone, before starting to date.  In those five years, we both went through our hells and helped eachother out every step of the way.  We always talked.  I have known her longer than anyone else in my life besides my immediate family.  After 5 years, she moved out around here for a year for schooling but by that time, we had grown a  little distant with a few messages here and a few messages there.  We finally made plans to meet for the first time in person at her apartment.  When I got there and I saw her,  I immediately started to feel we would be either really good friends or more.  By the end of the night, I was in love.  We had talked about all sorts of stuff until 3AM, and I decided to head home because I did not want to try and push things too far too quickly.   Things got better and better from there.  I would visit her any day I wasn't at work.  I spent all my free time with her.  And then 9 weeks after we started dating, we found out we were pregnant.  At first we cried, then her face got a glow to it that told me everything would be alright.  That I could trust her through all of this.  I was happier than I have ever been in my life at that point forward.  We originally planned not to move in together just to keep things at a steady pace, but ultimately moved in together back where she is from.  Everything was perfect.  We were moved in.  We planned the doctor's visit, she got a job, and I started my new job.  Then everything came crashing down.  She started to talk harshly to me, and then started hanging out with her friends until 3AM after telling me she'd be home at 9PM when I got off work.  Told me I couldn't come hang out because they all had work in the morning anyway.  Things got worse and worse and we got into a fight where she ended up staying the night at her mom's house.  I was crushed.  Then a few days later she broke up with me.  I never once hit her or raised my voice at her.  She told me she was unhappy and nothing I could say or do would change her mind.  I took my name off the lease and prepped to move back home, but we both agreed for me to stay until the first Ultrasound a week later.  She kicked me out after two days because she didn't want to see me being depressed.  Threatened to call the police.  I never did anything wrong.

   I love her more than anything and I love that I will be having a son.  But she keeps telling me there is zero chance of us getting back together.  And the pain is becoming more and more unbearable.  I can't take it anymore.  And I am afraid of the thoughts going through my head.  I have nobody to talk about it to so I came here.  I wish it was easy for me to just let go of her and move on, but I can't.  I am a 22 year old man.  I should not be crying to myself every day.  It hurts so much, and I feel like I don't have the will to live.  She won't listen to me and keeps putting me down.  She has never talked to me this way.  Only thing keeping me from doing the deed right now is the fact that I have a son on the way.  I just want to see him once.   After that, I don't know.  I cry when I think about it and it's really getting too hard to type now.  I have 4 more months that I had planned to spend the holidays with her, and all of those plans are gone.  I'm honestly scared of myself, and everyone keeps telling me "Just stop thinking about her"  or  "Just stop worrying"  It isn't that easy.