I think death is my only escape but I am afraid to screw up my husband's life.

I don't want to live anymore but I don't know if I'm suicidal. I certainly fantasize about it all day, and wish that something would happen out of my control to kill me, so that I could be blameless. 

My husband and I are newlyweds, and he recently had a psychotic episode and had to be hospitalized for a week. The risperidone they put him on is having such severe side effects I don't feel like we can cope. He is rapidly gaining a ton of weight despite trying to eat less (he's not being successful because he's constantly ravenous), and has started to make him snore, which he's never done before. I love him as much as before but his weight is starting to be a physical turn off and I feel so guilty and like such a shitty person for feeling this way. He sleeps all the time now, and sometimes he just seems "dulled out" or something. Distant. And lately he hasn't been able to have erections, and I miss PIV sex so much. I know there are other ways to be intimate but that's what I need in my sex life. He had suddenly quit his job because of his mental health problem, and is super stressed because he is having trouble finding a new one, and depressed that he is gaining so much weight. He's started having hand tremors and also twitches all night long. I am afraid he'll get some kind of permanent motor problem because of the drug.

I am trying so hard to be be supportive and be there for him, but it's all an act, because at the same time I am so depressed I want to die. I know it's harder for him, but I can't help feeling this way, which makes me feel so selfish and worthless. I feel like our marriage has been killed in its infancy by this awful drug, and the sudden psychosis it is supposed to treat, which just came out of the blue. I was depressed and have had anxiety issues before all this happened so it's not like this is the only cause, it's just adding to it. My psychiatrist put me on celexa some weeks ago and it's had barely any effect because the situation is just so fucked. 

He just got on my insurance, so now he can see a psychiatrist more regularly, eventually, since it takes so long to get an initial appointment, but I'm so afraid that they'll want to keep him on this stuff indefinitely, or for many more months, or that the side effects will be permanent or long lasting (I've read of one person who hasn't had the weight and sex related side effects subside even after 3 years).

I love him so much, but at the same time I just feel like I want to end it all. I can't imagine going through this life, with little hope that it will ever get better. But I can't imagine how much it would devastate him, and that hurts almost as bad as continuing to exist. Maybe it's better to just get it over with now so he can heal and move forward. But he needs me to stay alive at the moment to have mental health care (that doesn't suck). I miss making love to the person I fell in love with. I miss feeling like everything was going to be OK when I lay down next to him in bed at night. All i am left with these days is constant pain and anxiety and fear. I started to wonder if maybe this is some kind of Hell, and that I have actually already died and am being punished. So if I actually commit suicide I am still just doomed to repeat it over and over again.

There's no silver lining. No little things to be grateful for. Only abject misery, and total self loathing that I cant just be a supportive wife and help my husband get through this without wallowing in my own despair.

