I'm so lost.

***Sorry in advance if I had broken any of this subreddit's rules. I had just found this sub and I think I am in desperate need of help. I have only read to not be explicit. What is written is not explicit.

I am a senior in high school. I am not very intelligent - I am currently in the bottom 50% of my class, and all of my friends are in the top 5%. My friends at church are hypocritical and do not care for me. My grades are terrible. I am bound by them - the letters are essentially my future - and they constitute poor futures. I am so depressed that at times I do not know what to do - sometimes I would just lay on my bed when I get home at 4, only thinking about the things I would get done and to get off of bed by the time its already 9. My grades are so bad now that I don't know what I'd do in the future. My friends tell me that their easiest classes are my hardest. I am an idiot. Why don't I understand anything? Why am I so unintelligent? People often say that those who aren't book smart are often street smart but I'm neither. I'm an idiot. Do contribute to my idiocy, I've turned to marijuana to cope. I was once a religious person so I was aware of the words against it - I tell myself not to do it but I do. My best friend calls me an idiot. My only friend. All of my friends are either too intelligent or too preoccupied to pay any attention to me.

My father tells me every other day that my mother is pulling her hair out daily because of how stressed she is for my future. She tells me to act upon it but I can't. I'm busy lying down on my lazyass because I don't know what to do. Learned helplessness. I believe I'm lazy because of how unpromising my life is. Only thinking of how much my mom worries about me, a failed juvenile, makes me want to rip all of my hair out. When all of my friends are being honored from schools all across the country, I'm getting nothing but the nags of my mother. The nags show only their discomfort for me. I don't deserve to be their son.

My father in one point in time told me that the school life is easy - and the life ahead of me is even more difficult. I don't want to live anymore. Life is too hard, and I'm not even satisfying my parents. My parents are ashamed of my failure. They had at one point bragged about my academic excellence in middle school - but after my mishaps and failures in high school, they had stopped seeing their own friends. I don't understand anything - it may just be a coincidence of them not speaking to them anymore but I don't know anything. 

I had vented to my only friend and she had told me that the only answer would be from her pastor. I'm done with church there is nothing there to help me. Even still, I would not be worthy of the grace of God with the tainted life I have lived (in respect to the "words" of the Bible)

My extremely anti-gay surroundings have berated homosexuality in all of its entirety, although I myself have been struggling endlessly on the sexuality of my own. I don't know because I'm not allowed to know. Why am I struggling with this now? Why haven't I been able to learn yet? They say one never stops learning, but I'm scared, because I don't learn. I smoke even though my mostly uncaring friends tell me its not good. My parents tell me that I need to go to a four-year college because secondary schools "aren't good enough". What the **** does that mean? Why am I bound by these things?
I'm sounding so rebellious, like the generic teenage stage - I guess I'm just another naive ignorant teen following the cycle that has been followed by literally billions others. 

I can't live life anymore - there's no point. I don't want to face anymore hardships. Don't give me that "struggles will make you stronger bullship." I don't want to struggle. I want to end myself. 

I had once tried to express my depression to my best friend and most hated enemy, my father. When I had tried to express myself, I found myself without words. While attempting to bring up some words, my father shut me out - I then cursed in his face : not to him, but just in his presence. He had once beaten me before, but he didn't bring himself to do so at that time. Instead, he sent me outside. Alone. He made me take a walk. I'm sorry.

I had never felt so alone in my life. I am alone. My friends have split, and I am in the middle. I have nothing. I have wanted to kill myself. I've been vehemently strangling and scratching myself. I've been pulling out my hair by the tens, my scalp has bled multiple times - I think its been making me stupider. No point anyway, because I'm going to die anyways. That's the mentality I've been having:
no point, because I'm going to die anyway. Maybe that's why I'm a lazyass. I'm that convinced that I won't exist by the time my failures will haunt me.

I don't want anymore hardships. I'm clearly a burden to my family and my parents. My little sister shun me if she found out how low of a creature I am. My mother would surely be hurt as soon as I would tell her this. My father doesn't and can't care about me. The modicum of friends I have left no longer care about me. I have frequently attempted to stop masturbating, but I have failed literally more than 10 times. I am bullshit. I am nothing. My friends talk behind my shoulders. I am paranoid. I can't get therapy because my parents don't think themselves or I would ever need it. I can't talk on the phone with the hotlines because I'm afraid my dad would walk up on me and break my phone. I'm in my room that doesn't have a lock, with my desk that is currently pointed toward the door such a way that the computer I'm typing on would be visible. I'm paranoid now as I write this - I'm afraid my mother would walk in on me to find me writing this vent instead of writing my college essays. I'm afraid of the future. I'm afraid of my life when I am "free" - I will be alone and will live a life of lies and nothingness. I will never find the love of my life - the love of my life is polluted by pornographic fetishes and unrealistic ideals. My life is a lie. I got the computer today because I lied to my parents that I am writing an English paper. My friends from my old schools have forgotten about me. The friends from church talk only to those who go to the same schools as them - they are unreligious and care only about each other. My teachers hate me because they think I'm that bad kid when I'm really not. My counselor hates her job - she hates me. I can't redeem myself.  I don't even know if I like men or women.

I found my sister's old jump rope.  I don't know what to do. I'm even afraid of suicide, despite of my extreme want to end myself.

Now, my grades are continuing to fall because my times are preoccupied with after-school college essay help seminars. My dad has been telling me to go to the gym because of the weight I've gained from binge eating. I get home, and I can't do homework. I lie in bed. 

My dad comments on my recently developed "hunch-back". He tells me to pray before my meals - I don't think I'm religious anymore.  He tells me to make mom happy. He tells me to help my sister with Algebra II homework. He tells me to lose this double-chin I've gained. He's broken all of my childhood toys. He's yelled at me two days ago for being a lazyass. He thinks I talk like a smartass. I try not to, but I hate him with a passion. I'm sorry. I had learned, after finding out that a mutual friend of mine had committed suicide, that my dad believes that suicide is ignorant, selfish, and unfogiving. 

I can't take it anymore. I hate the attention from my parents, yet I crave attention from my friends at school. I don't understand. I don't have consistent morals. I don't understand how to argue. I am useless. I can't stand for myself because I have no grounds. I couldn't protect a fly or ant if I tried. I can't make myself happy because I always fail to properly express myself. Sorry.


I can't handle living anymore. I'm all over the place. And I can't. I'm currently trying to starve myself to lose weight because if I go to the gym, I wouldn't have enough time to complete my homework. I sleep late every day anyways. I don't know what to do. I just lie down and watch. I have plans but I don't follow.


My own best friend said nothing really to help me. I think I've learned about my helplessness. I can't be helped.

I don't want to kill myself, I just want to give up on life. I want to run away. I don't think there's anyone for me. My life belongs away from this system. There's nothing for me. I don't want to live on because it'll be the same. Failure. I'm a failure. Nothing more. I just need help. I can't talk properly anymore because I'm afraid that the words I say are unintelligent and incoherent. Every sentence I utter comes to haunt me 5 minutes later. As of late I have chosen to not talk, because my stuttering just has become too extreme. I am unconfident of my words.

I just want to run. I want to abandon this life. My identity. I want it gone. Poof. I want to just go to some mental hospital and let my brain rot away to nothingness. I don't deserve to work. I don't want to spend my parents' money on college - I'll fail that anyways. I don't want student debt. I don't want drama with a spouse later on. I don't want anything. Just asylum. I'm crazy too. I'm stupid crazy. And I'm afraid of death.

Please, I need help. I have no one. 

