I don't know what to do.

Hey guys.

First of all, I'm not going to commit suicide, but I can't stop thinking of suicide and the effects off it.
I'm 19 years old and started university this year, I have a few good friends, who I really love and regularly hang out with. I live alone with my mom since a few years, both my older brothers moved out and I don't have such a good relationship with them as I probably should have. But as you could say, my life is going pretty well.
My parents broke up when I was 3 years old and I could never really establish a father-son relationship, simply because he was never there for me.
Because of that my mother got depressed, but she could handle it, because I was there. Every time I saw my mother when she was sad, I could make her happy and smile. That's why she started to talk to me about her problems, mostly financial ones, when I was little.
I am a really introverted and thoughtful person. I really can't stop thinking about things and problems.
Her problems quickly became mine as well, at least in my head and it always dragged me down, but I never said a thing, because I was the only person that could help my mother to handle the current situation.
At that time around I started, as I call it, to live a "fake" life. No one I know really knows what's going on in my head and what problems I have. 
This post is the first time I'm talking to someone about what goes on in my mind.
I'm always trying to help other people in their life with everything I got, without looking at myself, which helped me to be a bit less introverted and created really great friendships.
I'm working at two part-time jobs to support my mother to pay the bills and we always managed to get around and the only reason I live is to study and work in order to be able to give my mother a better life she deserved.
But this "fake" life I'm living is slowly destroying me. Day after day I'm walking around with a smile in my face, while I'm a destroyed person inside, but I can't talk to anyone I trust, because I don't want to bother them with my problems, because I know what can happen if a person you love has problems in their life.
The last few days it really got worse.
Everything I do seems pointless and I don't have any motivation for anything and I started to think about suicide. Why do people commit suicide? What happens when you commit suicide? What will happen after I commit suicide? What will I leave in this world when I'm gone?
All these thoughts are dragging me more and more down in this black hole I'm living in and I'm scared that all these thoughts will drive me crazy to the point that I will commit suicide.

What should I do?