Tomorrow is the Day I Change my Life..

Everyday I lie to myself and say tomorrow I am going to turn this all around, and everyday I believe it. At least I want to believe it. Where do I begin?

Hi, I'm a college student from a upper-middle class family. My parents were both from single parent families, self-made, and extremely successful. They've only ever been good to me. They're my idols. My mom is a VP at her company and is also on the board at the homeless and women's shelter in my town. My dad has always been actively involved with whatever I was doing at the time (not helicopter-parenting, just supporting me and supporting my team). They sent me to private school, encouraged me to be who I wanted with whatever I would want to do. 

I guess that will do for some background. This last year was my freshman year at University and it was a blast. I made great friends, did well in school, and was involved. Then afterwards when I went home for the Summer I met a girl. We sort of fell in love. You could say it was a golden year for me. Everything was going my way. No debt because my parents are paying for my schooling, new girlfriend who is head over heels for me, *then what's wrong?* 

Since coming back to school, I've been in what could be a called a slump.  Little by little I unknowingly started digging my own grave. Basically I started out the year like freshman year-- it going extremely well. However, I don't know when it exactly began, I started to fall apart. At first it was skipping a my 7:40 class because I was tired. Then it was skipping some club meetings. That evolved into skipping two classes every week and so on.. It's gotten to the point where I only went to one class the entire week last week, and attendance is graded. 

It's like I stopped trying. All I do in my free time now is just fucking sit on reddit or play some stupid game. In fact today, I've already clocked in four hours on reddit. Just lurking most of the time. My grades have gone to shit, I think I'm failing one of classes and the worse part is, **I watched it happen** 

Everything just passes over me. My girlfriend is crazy for me but it's like I'm just going for the motions. Break up or not, it wouldn't phase me in the slightest. I can't even get it up for sex anymore. I feel like I'm not a man and I keep making excuses. She just constantly supports me though every step of the way. I'm just sitting in this hollow shell I call life waiting for someone close to me to call my bluff of what I'm presenting as my life. I don't have any motivation to do anything. I've been eating only one meal a day and lost a lot of weight. I don't have the motivation to wash my clothes (its been weeks), don't have the motivation to study, do homework, go to class, pick up after myself. I've become completely self destructive and I don't know why. I didn't have the motivation to cry out for help because one I didn't think I would need it and two I kept telling myself, "Tomorrow is the day, you change your life"

Tomorrow is the day I will change my life in September.

Then tomorrow turned to October

Now tomorrow is November 4th and I say that I will change. That I will fix everything.

It's too late now. I'm scared to tell my parents that I'm failing and might even fail out of school. They we're so proud of me all my life, and did everything they could for me. And this is what I've become. A fucking drop out who can't even find the energy to eat. 

I'm going home this weekend. I'm using this week to write my parents and my brother a goodbye. I'll see them friday and Saturday and treat them like everything is ok. Then I'll leave my note, take my car and disappear into the night. I wouldn't want them to find my body. They don't deserve that. They don't deserve this either. But I would rather do this then let them see how I wasted my life.

