Two heads, One beast.

&gt;Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson states: "Human beings are not always aware of what they are feeling. Like animals, they may not be able to put their feelings into words. This does not mean they have no feelings." 

I have been waiting a while to create this throwaway, there's so many words I want to use to express myself but I don't know how to describe them. I don't want to suffer in silence, but instead of burdening my family I'd like to give an insight into my head space at the moment and bring myself some release. I'm sorry if this is the wrong place.

Some days I just don't want to get out of bed.
To face the day, seems just too much to bear.
Hiding my eyes from those that can read them for I want to be left alone, not alone, just noticed.
I want help. But help seems so far away and depression is so attentive, it has a unique way of making everything about me.
I wallow in self-pity and laugh at how pathetic I look as I glare at myself from the other side of a mirror.
There's two different me's competing for the same head space.
One; angry, frustrated, suicidal. Two; hopeful, loving, and wanting to exist.
I'm driven by my overwhelming fear of being alone, I want to love and grow but the other side of me laughs at my attempts and leads me to believe that I am weak, worthless and sad. 

"Why do you try so hard when you know you're ugly and worthless?"
the voices will croon to me over an over, each attempt I make,
the more unloved I feel.
I have a hole in my heart and with every beat the pressure grows and swells, crashing around me in waves of emotions. Blood fills my chest and I feel like my body is slowly killing myself.
I never thought that I would salivate over sharp knives, imagining the sharp sweet pain that brings me down to earth.
I indulge myself in my mind's little horrors as I imagine all the possible ways to end it all. Flashes of different images race through my mind as if trying to decide what will come next.
I'll hear a soft voice mocking me, taunting my visions, calling me a coward. I know I would never go through with anything. I care to much about everyone else to let something I did, ruin their day.
I realised this today; the two headed beast doesn't want to swallow me whole and spit me out. It wants to break me down, split me in half and play with my carcass.