Thanks for keeping me alive this long

When I was in grad school I worked overnight at Target, and I hated the job with a passion. I had nightmares that I was unloading never-ending trucks. But then in May 2012 I finished grad school, and two months later got hired as a school librarian. Bye bye crappy job...  

...until my contract wasn't renewed at the school. That in and of itself isn't so bad, as that job gave me significant anxiety and depression to the point where I tried to kill myself in December 2012 and was put in the hospital by my therapist (which may have even been one of the reasons why my contract wasn't renewed. The principal was pretty vague about it). Since May 2013 I've been applying for jobs at schools, universities, and public libraries across the country. I've driven from New Hampshire to Chicago three times for four different interviews. But with absolutely no money left, I had to go back to Target doing the job I hate so much.  

So now a little over 2 years after I left a job I hated and uprooted myself from Long Island to New Hampshire, I'm back at the same shitty job in a different Target. And to add insult to injury, I'm getting paid two dollars per hour *less* than I used to make. Since I lost my position as school librarian in 2013, friends and family have repeatedly told me "I'm sure you'll get something soon. Don't worry about it, things'll get better." The fact is that sometimes things don't get better. Sometimes they get worse. In the span of 27 months I went from working in a job I hated, getting hired out-of-state for the job I had spent the previous 3 years training for and getting licensed/certified, having panic attacks and horrible depression eventually necessitating being hospitalized after I had a complete breakdown as I was in Home Depot looking to buy rope to hang myself, losing that job, being rejected across the country, and winding up in the same shitty job I had left in the first place - and now getting paid less to do it!  

I started therapy in spring of 2009 for my severe depression. I started medication in November of 2011 (fluoxetine). After I was hospitalized in December 2012 I was put on venlafaxine. I lost my job as school librarian in June 2013, and my insurance ended that August. I stopped going to therapy then because I couldn't afford it. I also found a website where I could order venlafaxine from overseas without a prescription because I couldn't afford doctor's appointments. Eventually I couldn't afford to pay out of pocket anymore to buy the medication online, but last month I was able to get on Medicaid after being unemployed for so long (I had tried to apply for it earlier, but I didn't qualify then). However they won't pay for the venlafaxine, conveniently telling me after I had run out. I can't afford it, so I've been off my medication for two weeks and a day. The withdrawals were awful. But even if I had the money for it, I wouldn't take it again. I'm done being a slave to "Big Pharma" and their bullshit.

My back hurts, I'm tired, I'm making less money doing the same shitty job I used to, and I'm repeatedly reminded I'm a failure almost every day as I get rejection letters and emails from all over the country saying I'm not good enough to do a job I spent over 3 years of grad school training for and getting licensed in. And I feel guilty for even complaining at all - I *should* be grateful that I have even a terrible part-time job that I hate.  

I figure 20 feet of twisted manila rope would be suitable for my needs. I almost bought it today, in fact, but it turned out someone I know from a weekly gaming group works at Home Depot and saw me there. I'll go back when I know he's not working.  

So thank you all, and /r/depression, for keeping me alive this long. I'd also like to thank /r/hockey, /r/SquaredCircle, and /r/baseball for being great places for information about some of the things I like (even if /r/baseball freely used the word "shemale" in a post about A-Rod and then got indignant when I brought up how offensive it is). I'm done now. I'm a total failure in life, and I'm a tremendous burden on my poor parents. They already have to deal with my mentally disabled brother and all of his various expenses. My continued existence is a burden they don't need. Also my birthday is in January, and I absolutely refuse to see myself turn 30, especially after accomplishing precisely **zero** in life. Working early in the morning at a job I can't stand, thinking about all of my failures, and crying alone in my apartment while my family and the majority of my friends are over 4 hours away in another state is not the 30th birthday I want.  

Fuck, just as I finished typing this, some jackass outside the bar downstairs is smoking marijuana right underneath my living room window. The smell is making me gag (not to mention that it's illegal here, he's smoking it freely in public, and there's a school across the street). It's the perfect cherry to the sundae that is my life.