Ever since I was 16, I have had these thoughts

I'm 23, now. I started having these thoughts when I was a teenager while I was depressed. Like, what it would finally feel like to let go. Just be without care, without stress, or pain, or fear. 

I've always been kind of a loner. Never really got along with kids my age. At one point that was all I cared about, and I did almost anything to be like the "cool" kids. 

Being an overweight, "emo", fag in High School didn't make things any easier. I guess we all go through a phase.  I had such high hopes for my life. I wanted to be something GREAT. Maybe a Doctor who cured very sick people, saved lives. Or a Lawyer who helped people. Or an artist, or a writer, a fireman, policeman, teacher. What I wanted to be more than anything was a Hero. I wanted to make things better and gain recognition as a good person. Make the people in my life who put so much faith in me, proud of me. 

No one is proud of me now. I'm nothing. I'm a Secretary and I work for a fraction of what it would take for me to live alone. I can't stop eating. I can't stay with a work out regimen. I can't complete ANYTHING. I always give up and quit and everyone wants to help me, but I know I'll just let them down. 


I dropped out of High School,  I dropped out of College, I dropped out of life and I no longer want to participate. I just want someone to love me for who I am. But how can that ever happen if I hate myself? 

I just want to be something. Someone. I'm tired of being overlooked because I'm not impressive. I'm tired of pushing everyone away because I won't ever be able to open up. I'm tired of living this miserable life alone. 

I don't know what kind of post this is, am I feeling suicidal? My mind is constantly going, it never stops. I think things before I realize I think them. Because of this, I'm always suicidal. It's a thought that is in my back of my mind every minute of every day. 

I fear the darkness enough to refrain, so I await the day when that darkness no longer scares me, and I can jump into the oblivion with arms open wide. 
