Next step is..?

I'll keep it fairly short.
I posted in the /r/relationships thread about me and my girlfriend breaking up. 

I thought I had a chance to get back with her, I had suspicions but I denied it till the end. I found out she has a boyfriend.. probably a rebound, she has done it before but still..
I thought I would take it as hard as the breakup and I did but like.. idk it's a weird feeling like I feel like I have nothing to lose now. But I keep telling myself that she is mine and she isn't mine? 

I'm pretty messed up now. On the outside I look fine and I have a good life but honestly I don't care about college, my future, my family or my friends that I have known for the majority of my life.. I just care about her. I believed she was the one and I honestly think we will meet again or she will come back to me (or i convinced myself) but yeah.. that's it.

I'm tired of loving and I can't stop so I only see a few ways out of this..
Spent this night with a few friends laughing and stuff and just having fun trying to take my mind off it but in the end all I think about is her, everything about her.. 

A) Try university next year (Already have an insurance and firm selected both really good schools in the UK) but I don't really feel like studying anymore honestly i'm exhausted.

B) Join the navy/paratroopers/army in general to explore and go to war because I don't really feel like my life is going anywhere anymore and this could open doors for me. I like talking to people, I like being with people but right now i'm alone.

C) Suicide.

Now, option C is the most appealing to me at this moment, i'm not going to "waste" my life. When I die my organs will be donated to those who need them and I will notify the authorities to where I will be so they can save them in time. 

I just want to hear your guys' thoughts on this and maybe share a little about yourselves? I'm pretty lost right now and i think the only thing that is keeping me from losing my sanity is interacting with other people even if it's just playing video games etc but when I stop and I get in bed all I think of is her.. It's ridiculous it wasn't even that long of a relationship and I could get another girlfriend. I know a girl that likes me a lot and she is very pretty but it has to be her for me xD 
