afraid of a new episode

I've been mildly depressed for the past few years and recently I started seeing a psychiatrist. It's very nice to talk to her but the problem is that by taking appointments I've confirmed to myself that I'm mentally sick. Now I can't think about anything else. I'm generally anxious and paranoid when being with other people because I feel that I'm incompetent, but now in addition I also feel that I'm mentally sick and a waste of time.

I had thought about suicide before but it was never very serious. It was always just contemplations and no planning. It didn't feel like a conclusive thought. Today I had the worst episode I've ever had and suddenly I felt like I understood suicide and what it would be like. I'm very afraid. Suddenly the whole thing became real. I don't know when I'll have another episode. I'm at work but can't think of much and my brain feels shut down. Every small mistake I make (like mistyping something) feels like a tragedy. I've tried to calm myself but during the past two hours I've had such mood swings its incredible. I'm also a bit sleep deprived so hopefully getting some sleep soon will help.

Please please tell me how do I get rid of this fear? What was your experience? I've never felt like my life is in danger. I do now and I can't bear it. I don't want to die.

EDIT: I wrote the above in some haste but now I'm a bit more calm and it's easier to give more context. My head is always full of thoughts caused by my depression and anxiety, but also recently I've constantly been thinking about how I'm mentally ill and this makes me want to isolate myself, because I assume that my friends would naturally avoid people like me. I'm in a PhD program in a good university, and most people around me are very smart and capable. Since acknowledging that I'm mentally ill, things got better in some respects but also worse now that I'm thinking about it all the time. The episode I had today was particularly difficult because wanting to commit suicide didn't feel like something I wanted to do but rather it felt like a compulsion. As if something inside me wants to kill me. This was the worst part that frightened me. I was surrendering to it. I don't know if i was surrendering because I agreed or because or whatever. I didn't do anything and left the room, trying to think of different things but it's still in the corner of my mind scaring me.